ID	Target	Tweet	Stance
0	god	I disagree with you completely.  Evolution is fact.  The fossils prove that.  Darwin proposed the theory of evolution by means of natural selection.  Intelligent design is just another theory, a theory of evolution by means of intelligent design (the proponents accept change has occurred and that natural selection occurs at species level),  They have failed to provide any evidence whatsoever for ID.  What would be proof?  Well, it would have to be a big jump in evolution, perhaps something like a fossil rabbit in Jurassic rocks along with dinosaur fossils, something showing that large and unexpected changes have occurred.  One theory doesn't become true just because your incredulity makes it difficult to accept other theories.  The theories you want to favour have to have some (any???) facts supporting them.	AGAINST
1	god	"what makes me feel more and more correct that there is no god is that the explanations just boil down to ""of course he [exists]"""	AGAINST
2	god	"Since there is no scientific evidence to prove a ""god's"" existence, and most stories and ideas about ""god"" have been proven wrong over the course of history, it is safe to say that there more than likely is no ""god,"" and if there is, he, she or it likely doesn't care about humanity. Therefore it is detrimental for societies to believe in ""god"" for 2 main reasons: 1: It gives people who ""speak for god"" absolute power and infallibility in the eyes of their followers, and 2: It causes people to react based on emotions as opposed to reason.1. Those who believe that their leaders are under ""god's"" guidance and are therefore all powerful and infallible put themselves under the yoke of authoritarianism. Though authoritarianism can be achieved without belief in ""god,"" religion is certainly a tool in the authoritarian arsenal as either a means of oppression, i.e: the Spanish Inquisition; or as a means of persecution, i.e: Soviet Russia/Nazi Germany. Erasing ""god"" from the minds of people allows them more freedom in their thoughts and actions. It should be up to the individual to decide what his or her personal moral boundaries and beliefs are. People should not be influenced by religion or ""god"" because they end up supporting what they are told to support as opposed to what they would support on their own.2. Belief in ""god"" causes people to respond to difficult situations with emotion rather than logic, i.e: the Crusades/ fundamentalist Islamic terrorist organizations. Though not all conflicts stem from beliefs in ""god,"" many do, and the world would be better off with fewer reasons for people to fight. Karl Marx said that religion is the opium of the people. It causes the individual to feel a certain way without taking into account his or her personal opinions. It gives people ideas for irrational plans in dealing with their problems as opposed to logical problem solving strategies. Islamic terrorism is a great example. Much of the animosity Muslim extremists feel towards the West is due to the West's support of Israel. They fight back with car bombs and suicide bombers, when peace talks would be much more effective in supporting their case."	AGAINST
3	god	" I am actually laughing at the feeble nature of your arguments. Irrefutable evidence? Ha! For the love of God (and yes, I used the Lords name in vain on purpose), why must everything complex and wonderful have to be made by a superior mind? Why do you have such a problem with accepting the possibility that everything just happened and we are the beneficiers of this Great Accident?  /> And as for contact with God? There are cases all over the world of such claims, all of them disproven.  You want to believe that you have been touched by him, so the brain simulates your desire.  A simple psychosomatic reaction. Cases have been so extreme as to induce ""stigmata"", Christ-like wounds upon believers.  I have no problem with people accepting the possibility that either religion or science is the answer, but people like this, the ones who deny any other reasoning, who make pathetic arguments for their side, despite tangible evidence of any kind, that really grate on me. God is simply another form of control that drones follow without question, because they are too foolish to question authority. Simple."	AGAINST
4	god	"Of course not.  There's no evidence for any kind of entity that somehow stands outside of existence and ""creates"" it.One should recognize that matter cannot be created or destroyed.  It is. It always was and always will be.  Matter changes its form but it does not cease to exist.  The notion of God goes back to pre-historic times when men sought an explanation for the universe and its contents. It was an understandable thing to do.  But now thanks to many geniuses---philosophers such as Aristotle and Ayn Rand and scientists such as Galileo and Newton---we've come to understand much about the universe and about the nature of man and how he learns and the legitimate forms of knowledge.  There is still much to learn.  To learn it, we certainly should put aside ancient myths.  Mysticism always leads to brutality. Faith and force go together.  Those not dedicated to reason seek to force others to believe as they do. Religion is an immoral institution and it starts with the notion that some omnipotent, infallible god in on somebody's side and others must be forced to believe it.  Consider the Crusades, the Inquisition, the witch hunts and today's latest ""fad"" suicide bombers.  All these kill themselves and others in the name of their god. No, Virginia, there is no God. Human beings are responsible for their actions.  Nature is a wonderful benevolent place.  But as Lord Bacon said, ""To command nature, we must obey it.""  So one should put all one's intellectual effort into understanding it and leave off with the wishful thinking and fantasies of religions. "	AGAINST
5	god	 There is no personal creator God who cares if you are 'sinning' and wants to send you to hell.  That's fantasy.  I can't say with absolute certainty that there is not a superior power that may have created the universe.  It's one really easy explanation to explain where all this came from, and life itself.  It's not based on anything more than a hunch though, and it comforts people.  Plus... Where the heck is God if he does exist?  So... I'm about 99% sure there is no God.  Science and reason show us how things work in the world, and nothing that has happened required a creator or God to make it happen.  Rather than ask how can the universe seem to come from nothing (common misconception), ask yourself how a supreme all-knowing force can just exist, where does that come from? Oh of course... God doesn't need an origin, does he?  It's a simple way to fill in gaps in our knowledge without using our brains so much, to say that God just made it all.  The evidence for God not existing is much greater than the evidence of his existence.	AGAINST
6	god	"""There are a lot of arguments about the existence of GOD. Some try to prove scientifically and logically. What we need to know is that GOD is so much much bigger (beyond our imagination) than what we can think of. We cannot limit GOD with our (limited and simple) mind.""In other words, God exists no matter how nonsensical the idea is to our minds and no matter the amount of evidence to the contrary that our minds can perceive.... "	FAVOR
7	god	"No, the initial force could have been non-intelligent, like in my river example. You're just stretching the word ""God"" to mean ""any possible initial force."" In conventional usage, ""God"" means ""Intelligent being who created the universe."""	AGAINST
8	god	I think you got confused when I said when it's completely away from it and someone tells, I was referring to the school teachers attending a function at the church it was completely away from school and on their own time.	FAVOR
9	god	It is how you look at it. Science can deal with creator in psyholigical sense. Why we (humans) created creator (deities) in the first place. Also any school of philosophy takes chances on idea of creator as such.However   science   may tell you some day in the future why there was big bang and what caused it. Like science told us that lighting is not an act of God and Earth is not the center of Universe. Scary thing to do is to do nothing in fields of science and teach our childrens scary stories about gnomes and so on.Even if we are in some kind of box and Creator is out of it - then he also can't interact with us. But anything what gets into the box can be in some way or another observed by us and by our scientists as well. It's simple.	AGAINST
10	god	You really should do your research before making comments like these because you lose credibility with those who have.Take all the religious killings and they still don't come close to those done by atheistic ideology(communism) What these Communistic regimes did was the logical out working of the atheismism they held to. It should be painfully obvious that atheism is a flawed worldview.	FAVOR
11	god	There's some major tooth-fairing on this side. pisses me off since i'm an intermediate in the FIRST place.	FAVOR
12	god	A supernatural accident then :) The universe is a bubble that happened to form in the supernatural river that has always existed.So say we accept an initial force, so what? Where do you go from there?	AGAINST
13	god	hi i really appreciate your view ,i m a hindu and like u say the christ calls u i do experience some things which we do not notice and when we realize we tend to fall suspicious or name it as coincidence or something likethat.but hey there has to be something superior which created life and he calls to understand him.we completely lost in ignorance and worldly belongings like parents ,money,wife and children get worse to understand this creator free himself from all bondages and lying very within us	FAVOR
14	god	I fail to see where I have anthropomorphized anything. I have simply said that the Unified Force/God is the infinite, unknowable force that created the universe. At this point the question is not Christian theology but whether there is a God. One thing at a time. 	FAVOR
15	god	an atom in this universe must have been created by someone.So who created it?it couldnt just have popped out from somewhere.Please visit this linked.It explains the science of the quraan 	FAVOR
16	god	"""If people were to behave better ""i see many references to people believing in god committing horrible attrocities - crusades, burning witches, suicide bombings, 9/11, and tons more which i would think would be the no - and i don't see the overwhelming good that supposedly follows religion. there is assertion by some that Christians give more to charity without any source but even if that were the case it would appear that the overall effect of belief has still been more negative than positive to me."	AGAINST
17	god	Nicepost.One thing though.. don't take the debate description as my main point. I didn't want to put too much there as it would've all pointed towards my side of the argument rather than just give a brief intro to what we should be talking about.So let's go into your talk about how law work just fine. Laws are changing all the time right? Now if they were good, then they wouldn't need to be changed. And if they have been changed then whose to say that they do not need to be changed again? God's Words will always be right till the end of time. We just don't see it, but in the end we will see it. So we can be here right now running around trying to make it all right, or we can follow Gods advice and we'll get there in the end. It's hard and loooooong to explain but ask me what God says that is wrong (one of those rules thats in all religions) and then tell me that if what he says isn't wrong... why should we not follow him.	FAVOR
18	god	yes and no. while i still believe that there is a heaven and god rules heaven, the theory of evolution overrules the belief that god created everything and He rules over all and controls all.	AGAINST
19	god	 I believe that imagination is truth, meaning whatever YOU believe is true to YOU, nobody else. If YOU believe in God, then it is true to you and will always be, if you don't then that is still what YOU believe, never speak for anyone else and don't let anyone speak for you. This is religion, it's stupid to debate religion, because you are telling others what they should believe. I am not saying I believe in God, I am not saying that there is no God, I am just telling you what is what.	FAVOR
20	god	"It comes as no suprise that you sound like a moron, because to believe the point you're trying to make you would in fact have to be a moron...realize that. Now what do you have to say for the people living in the horrible places of the world who never see one ounce of joy. Why has ""god"" neglected the people of North Korea and just chose to give us happiness and swimming, and football, and walking with our girlfriends. Ha you are so naive it's pathetic"	AGAINST
21	god	"A scientific answer is easy. ""Why not?""Sorry to answer your question with a question, but you're operating on a potentially false premise, that everything has to have a reason for being.Obviously, if you want God to have created everything, then you're going to invent evidence to reinforce that belief."	AGAINST
22	god	"""the burden of disproof of the theory of the existence of God is placed squarely upon my opposition in this debate.""Absolutely ridiculous. How about some more quotes? ""Every claim requires evidence, and extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence"".Science does not busy itself with disproving *anything*. There's no point in disproving what does not exist.  Rather, the burden is on Christian's to provide evidence for their extraordinary claims. Science is simple, and you seem to have the whole process backwards.The burden of proof is on those who make the claim, not on those who remain skeptical of outrageous claims.The null position is atheism. We are ALL atheists when we are born. We are then taught a religion. The null position is atheism and any deviance from null requires evidence, oh which you have none."	AGAINST
23	god	 How can you explain everything on earth. It got here somehow. I mean, its your choice to believe in him.	FAVOR
24	god	" I've never been able to justify a belief in any sort of higher power(s). I'm also not comfortable admitting that I don't know either way about the existence of a deity, because I don't really see any logical reason to leave the possibility of belief on the table. I see people on here saying roughly the equivalent of ""How do you know? Have you done a complete search of the universe and not found a god?"". There's also the common ""You can't prove a god DOESN'T exist!"" argument. These two arguments can be used against any sort of mythical/hypothetical thing. If I questioned everything in my life this way, I would be leaving room in my mind for every Bigfoot-esque concept in existence.   />   /> Frankly, I am comfortable with just not knowing certain things about the beginnings of our universe and humankind. To me the existence of a supernatural power(s) is just another theory humans have come up with regarding the genesis of the world, the universe, and man. A few others include the Big Bang and evolution. At the moment, I am inclined to believe more in these than the existence of a god simply because of certain proofs. Notice that I say ""believe more"" than ""believe completely"". I have complete faith in neither, as parts of both theories have been proven wrong by the very scientists who formulated their creation. They have been changed and tested (and continue to be) by the international scientific community. Theories don't claim to have all of the answers, but they do stand up to logic (and when aspects of them don't they are thrown out the window). The concept of a higher power does the opposite.  />   /> Basically, I'd rather admit to not knowing about my origins (as a human and as a resident in our solar system) than believe in something that isn't logical, which is why god doesn't exist in my life.  />   /> P.S. If anyone has evidence against the theory of evolution I'm plenty open to it. I completely accept microevolution but I'm still trying to find more proofs for macro so if you have any thoughts please share. Thanks!"	AGAINST
25	god	"""All we can see, measure, and know shows us that matter and energy have always existed.""The author's statement above simply is not accurate.  Big Bag theory, while certainly not an established fact, is widely accepted.  According to that theory, matter as we know it did not exist prior to the Big Bang.  Indeed, the physical laws of the universe that we are so familiar with did not exist.  We cannot know what laws prevailed because the conditions prior to the Big Bang are beyond all experience and, so far at least, are untestable.  One may well deny the Big Bang and that's fine, but the statement that matter and energy have always existed is not supported."	FAVOR
26	god	Why? I don't get how it's confusing?	FAVOR
27	god	This universe hasn't always existed. It had a beginning and it will cease to exist when it reaches absolute zero unless something changes.	FAVOR
28	god	i believe in god so i won't go to hell ^.^	FAVOR
29	god	He's definitly not the God of the   bible  . I have trouble believing that our earth just happened, along with all the rest of humanity. What I don't understand is how God created the human race and then destroyed the entire human race. Then allowed it to flourish again, and now all of us who don't accept Jesus into our hearts will go to hell. Wait a minute isn't he all knowing, didn't he know what was going to happen when he originally created me. He loves me so much he sent his son to die on the cross for  me so my sins could be forgiven but... he made me this way and he knew it was going to turn out this way before I was born. If I don't believe in him he knows my heart and he'll judge me accordingly.	FAVOR
30	god	This is just plain silly. Are you saying only through education can people be right? There are millions of people out there who are uneducated and I would say they are more likely to go to heaven than I am. Education has f*ck all to do with this.I've said from the start not to bring different cases of religion in this. This is purely an argument about God, regardless of what religion is brought in. Not religion, not religious texts, scriptures, rules etc. I could go into greater detail and dismantle your argument but we'll be going into something completely different.	FAVOR
31	god	You know a lot of people go to the color blue after my first post on this website =] I got murdered for that comment me and Xaeon had a page of arguments with eachother woooo good times good times.You can prove that the sky is blue by consulting text books you must BELIEVE in god =] not a direct quote but pretty close	FAVOR
32	god	"I find it interesting that today quantum physicist are searching for the first cause, the god particle, and dark matter.God revealed to Moses thousands of years ago, ""I am who am""  In effect I am what is, the ultimate cause, and it is by faith that we understand this, and faith alone.  We will never figure out the ultimate cause until it is revealed to us in heaven.God has chosen us and the only question that remains is, Will we choose him?  Sadly most won't!"	FAVOR
33	god	The very exsistence of matter invalidates the law of physics. There should be nothing because matter cannot be made or destroyed, only changed if I am to understand your argument correctly. It's amazing how well the Bible is formed, there are no incostencies in it. You just displayed why man made religion is easy to spot, because it will have glaring incosistancies in it.	FAVOR
34	god	I never made such an assumption...We cannot even assume God exists, less so that He is the creator of all we know and the unknown. If God exists, He or She or IT may in fact have ordered existing matter but the problem lies in explaining who created matter BEFORE the supreme Being and how can a Being be Supreme if it came into existence after matter!	FAVOR
35	god	"The ""wait and see"" philosophy isn't the greatest idea. It's like a deer caught in headlights. You are like the deer and the headlights are the afterlife. You have no idea what is coming toward you. Then suddenly, boom. You're dead. You now just experienced the ""afterlife"". Is it what you expected? No. But better to believe in something and be wrong than to not believe in something and still be wrong."	FAVOR
36	god	science can attempt to evaluate whether there seems to be a why, and i think it could make at least a significant case that there isn't. Christians, Muslims, and Jews all believe in the God of Abraham, yet all have different stories, different traditions and different morals. there were 1000's of gods before that one which we now believe do not exist. at a time with very little understanding of the earth's place in the universe, we created stories that tried to describe how and why we are here. as science described the how, god became smaller and smaller, but our desire for purpose and science's inability to disprove our desire, we have left to god the reasoning rather than throwing out the immaterial god with the material one.	AGAINST
37	god	You make the assumption that God created matter and therefore created the universe.  Have you ever considered the idea that God simply organized existing matter to form (not create) the universe?Your assumption does not hold for all faiths.  	FAVOR
38	god	Good Job and analogies it really does start all from faith. Even without religion or believing in god. Having faith in things is important in life whether it relates to doing good in school getting a good job having good health overall faith in yourself. Faith that there is something better than the world life we live in.	FAVOR
39	god	"""Theories of, or beliefs in, a Divine source for the Universe are as ancient as humanity itself Ã at least."" A moot point, but humanity evolved the necessary cognitive function to imagine greater powers far later than the actual first creature that could be called homo sapien.""They constitute the longest standing range of explanations for the source of our world."" And subsequently the least informed.""they cannot explain without significant problems on the one hand"" There are many things wrong with your assertion. One is that, since science doesn't understand, it must be a some wizard in the sky who just did it all randomly. Second, is that there are several theories that postulate on the occurrence of max entropy and it's succession into the condensation of the universe into a single point. At which, entropy can finally reverse, and in one explosion, create matter and energy. The universe would then be a sinusoidal wave of contractions and expansion."	AGAINST
40	god	I don't think he's a moron -- quite the opposite actually -- but it's a simple fact that an atheist would almost definitely not be elected President of the United States. Thus, any politician will have an incentive to delude themselves and avoid thinking about the question too much. So I would say he's not a moron or a liar, he's simply choosing not to seriously question his faith.	AGAINST
41	god	God is my lord in savior and I love him dearly he's my father in heaven and in the sky. I woudn't know what to do with my life, I would prabably go to hell when I die.	FAVOR
42	god	"No, it's not for the greater good. I think that whether people worship an idle or no they are going to act in such a way as they're nature and experience determined.Religion is simply something used as kind of a scapegoat. As an example; if the commandments were handed down in the way the old testament proclaims they were, amidst all kinds of shenanigans, I firmly believe the addition of a god would not have been a necessity, that even they as wild as the book claims them to be, would have wrapped their heads around acting in such a way was self-destructive, without the introduction of some god. (For the record, most likely none of that happened, and it is simply a variation on similar stories found from the older version, the Egyptian Book of the Dead, but it serves as an example)It would seem on the surface to many atheists then, that religion at worse is simply a no-lose, no-gain thing people do.I disagree. I think while many aspects of religion, indeed most, encourage good behaviour,I believe taking the easy-out of describing to the religious masses that the reason this optimal behaviour is desirable as ""uh, uh, because god said so"" encourages stupidity and a lack of reflection,which while in many cases leads to a group of people who act properly in society,at the same time makes it really easy to get them to do ridiculous things like blow up buildings in the name of allah, or crusade against the middle east in the name of god.Thinking people do not act in such a way. I think one who doesn't believe in a god is more likely thinking about these kinds of moral dilemmas instead of simply following some prophet's imagined wishes."	AGAINST
43	god	The evidence of God's existence is all around us: You, Me, Life the World, the Universe. There is no way science can explain how something can just come into existence out of nothing. The Big Bang Theory? Where did that little ball of matter that exploded come from? How did it come to be? There is no way to explain the existence of everything in the universe without God or some sort of higher power. In science, one has to know how to explain something, but we don't have to understand God. One must just have faith. The existence of God is what makes sense to show where everything came from, while science does not makes sense in this subject. Why did we come to be? What causes us to have morals? Do you really want to believe that your mind, body, spirit, and whole being are just a random collection of matter, that you mean nothing. I don't know about you, but that is such a grim thought to me.	FAVOR
44	god	"It is philosophically,logically and scientifically impossible to prove that God exists or does not, for the following reasons:1) A supreme Being is totally perfect therefore cannot be measured, defined or even "" sampled"" as per the scientific method,but if we could...2) God, if he or she exists, is above dimensional space and time (metaphysical) therefore being above and beyond  our capacity to understand or even interpet any supposed "" meausrements"" or information we could obtain using scientific analysis.In other words we wouldn't be able to understand or inerpret any evidence for God, even if we had some that was scientifically valid.3) We cannot , by definition ever understand or know The First Cause (God) because we are only capable of anthropomorphizing any Creator or Force that is metaphysically beyond us. In other words, we give a Divine Supreme Being characteristics that are entirely human such as emotions: anger,jealousy, pity, and physical attributes ."	FAVOR
45	god	No, I don't believe in god(s)- at the same time, I don't think science disproves god(s), nor would the existence of god(s) disprove science. They are not exclusive. It's absolutely personal, and my idea is no.	AGAINST
46	god	Everything works the way it would if there was no god, therefore there's no reason to believe there is a god. Just like there's no reason to believe in Zeus or apollo....Etc Whether it is for the greater good (which it's not) is erroneus. Should people believe in Santa their whole lives, would it be for the greater good...who gives a shit, and no, I don't need a fake story to help me behave. We've spent long enough listening to these people, lets try and seek actual truth, rather than live in a fairy land.	AGAINST
47	god	It appears that you see God as a punisher rather than a redeemer.  I see Him as the source of all that is good in this world and beyond.  Here, we struggle in our lives to live with limitations which keep us from viewing the truth without the shadows of the flesh.  God sent His only Son to enter into our humanity, so that we could enter into His Spirit- and live.  He is transforming us from being mere creatures, into children with life breathed into them, and preparing us for true union.  God made the rocks, trees and all that exists here- but people are different.  Yes, people create lots of God, and somehow struggle against the only true God who asks that we be willing to give up all others.  He is looking for hearts that seek Him, because He knows the better end in store.  Free will allows us to choose the pastures that satisfy us with earthly things.  But while here, we get glimmers of the better things of the Spirit.  I actually do understand your outlook.  I know it will insult you if I tell you that I will pray for you, so let me just wish you well in your search or avoidance.  It is your choice to believe that this is all there is or not.  The key to transforming love, which is what God desires, is that it is reciprocal.  But He allows us to make our own choices.  He has already expressed the greatest love through Jesus Christ.  That is not vain or petty.  That is sacrifice that invites us all to free, unrestrained and eternal truth.  There is no coercion.God bless	FAVOR
48	god	 There is no evidence for the factual existence of any god(s) whatsoever.  The whole idea of esoteric numbers etc. Is really idiotic.	AGAINST
49	god	 This is not irrefutable proof, and nothing you can say can make it so. In my view, both the theistic and atheist arguments are flawed.  We cannot prove the existence of God just as we cannot prove the non-existence of God.   />   /> It's also interesting to see that you say (in relation to the Universe) that an infinite cannot exist, and everything must have a beginning. I ask, where does God begin?   />   /> We cannot understand the mysteries of the Universe just like Christians say we cannot understand the mind of God. Science theory says that a Big Bang give birth to the Universe. It does not explain what set off the Big Bang. Creationist theory says God created the world in six days. It does not explain the evidence for the aforementioned Big Bang. The argument should stop here - there is no proof - irrefutable proof - for either. All we can discern is what is the more likely theory.	AGAINST
50	god	Millions of people over a period of thousands of years have looked for evidence of the   existence   of a   god  . Nobody has ever found one object which could be shown to anyone else to demonstrate that such a god exists. In this case, the overwhelming absence of evidence is proof enough to any reasonable person that there are no gods.	AGAINST
51	god	Words that have no meaning if atheism is true and words that shouldn't exist if atheism is true;good,deeper,educated,understanding.kindness,importance,well-being,well,harm,undesirable,attained,personal  dignity,reward,practical ,scientific,Morality,subjective,opinion,religions,God,proving,opinion,laws,allowed,concepts,books,interpretations,greater  good,right,wrong ,harmful.If you're arguing for atheism it sure sounds like you are borrowing language from another worldview to support your view.	FAVOR
52	god	I wasn't trying to back anything up ... I was like the 4th person on this debate I just got moved down ... All I tried to say was that in the bible that was what was said . Not trying to use the bible to back itself up	FAVOR
53	god	"""God"", there is no evidence for its existence, and god was invented to explain things people couldn't understand, and to keep control on ancient civilizations.Firstly the pope says no to free condoms in Africa.Also religion have us Al Qaeda, the holocaust and Bosnian troubles.We need to stop dreaming and enter the real world."	AGAINST
54	god	 God is dead, and we killed him.	AGAINST
55	god	I live in south korea so I'm not really good at English. If there are some wrong Grammers or words, just turn to a blind eye , please.... My opinion is this. God really exist.I've never seen him before, but I can assure that God exist.When Most scientists are faced on problem which is beyond of his or her ability, they usually rely on the BIBLE. because BIBLE tells eveything. Have you ever found something wrong in the BIBLE? May be you haven't. because it's real. real God and Jesus story.	FAVOR
56	god	 Which came first, the chicken or the egg? If you say egg, how do you get an egg without a chicken? If you say chicken, how do you get a chicken without an egg? The obvious is that the chicken came first, created by spiritual being we call God. This is the only logical way to explain the existence of the chicken or for any other thing on earth or in the heavens. If you say evolution, why aren't there chickens still popping up out of thin air without an egg? Again the only logical conclusion is that there is a creator.	FAVOR
57	god	So if people are good in general, then they should probably make good choices. If they're not making good choices, then they're not really good in general, now are they? If you give a man a knowledge of good and evil, regardless of his beliefs, he'll know what good and evil are. Whether or not his concept of good and evil are the same is up to him, isn't it? Society however, has the power to control the outliers and people who just don't get it.Well as far as murder and other really dumb shit to pull, it's usually considered bad if you're ending up hurting people and/or the community in general by doing it. I don't need a god to tell me that shooting someone is a bad idea, or that it's going to hurt somebody. And yeah, sometimes it is justified. There are some people in this world that need to die because they're a cancer.Adultery? Well, that's a personal choice thing now isn't it. Whether or not someone chooses to care who their mate has sex with is up to them. Most of the time people get really pissed off at that thing. If you enter a relationship where your mate would care, it's probably a bad idea to go fooling around.I honestly do understand everything you are saying, you're being thick headed.	AGAINST
58	god	"""I would rather point out that your inability to prove the origin of life, the origin or very nature of the universe,""A hundred years ago we couldn't prove what lightning was. We couldn't prove what the sun was. We couldn't prove what stars were. We couldn't prove anything regarding atoms, molecular theory, or most of the modern principles of biology and physics.And people, religious people, simply claimed they were God acting in his way. Further back, when it was offered that the world was round and the sun was the center of our galaxy, not the earth, the church killed people over those views. Further back, the Egyptians attributed the sun, the moon and their harvest to religion. Happy gods brought good harvests. Angry gods brought plagues. No science, and religion filled the holes.Religion has always said ""Science can't prove it, therefore it must be god"". And, given enough time, science has always found evidence. "	AGAINST
59	god	Don't you think it's a little more in line with Occam's Razor to live life for its own sake rather than the POSSIBILITY that there is something after? You sound like one of those people who watch the scoreboard more than the game itself.	AGAINST
60	god	It's not God who orders that though is it?You're bringing in the acts of certain people who have USED religion to perform certain acts. Not only have I said that we should be keeping religions out of this, but also that you cannot blame religion for how people have used it. Several wars were not caused by religion but I don't see you arguing against athieism for that...	FAVOR
61	god	"Regarding the cults, the reason why I find them relevant is because followers of the abrahamic religions dismiss them as being completely ""crazy"" when in my opinion, the abrahamic religions in themselves are as deranged as cults. So I find them relevant because it shows what happens when people try to say that they have access to ""god"" or can possibly know his/her mind. There are people out there who still believe in talking snakes... I admit your point in saying we can never know ""everything"", but you must admit that when you make a desicion, even as simple as buying a new computer, you do research and try to find out as much as you can so that you will be better equipped for making a decision. It's as simple as that... we become more educated so we can make better decisions. Which leads to the final point... religious people do not do things just to please god, but because they also think it's the right way of living. I think we are all entitled to the same freedom religious people want of choosing the best way of living if this behavior is not going to harm anyone else. I've never come across any scientific evidence as to why sodomy is bad for you. Therefore, I have no basis for saying it is ""bad"". Why is it bad? If you point out something in science, then you will agree that we need education, scientific facts, to help us make desicions that are not bad for us. But if you just ""think"" it is bad for no reason at all... then it makes no sense. I dont understand your argument about being part lion part tiger. A girl of 12 consenting to sex with a 90 year old... i think if we continue with this god bullshit, children CAN be brainwashed into doing things without questioning them. Have you watched the videos about Jesus Camp? It is very close to the same brainwashing that cult leaders do... and you know what makes it so wrong? that it is targetted at children, who are suceptible . Just as a girl of 12 , we both would agree, has not reached the age of consent to have sex; the children from jesus camp also have not reached the age of consent to accept or reject ideas independently. why? because they have not been exposed to more information about the world. how can god be for the greater good when it inhibits our ability to decide for ourselves? About drugs. I believe they are bad because Ive read enough about their effects on the body. Thus I can say they are bad, there is evidence. But saying things are bad just because of some intuition about god, is just plain ignorance."	AGAINST
62	god	 I god existed then he would come down from heaven and kill all the non believers, so were is this so called justice day, so that means that god does not exist and there is also the big bang theory so shut up you christian fools and go play halo 3	AGAINST
63	god	In the first place there has to be a first cause. We have to start somewhere. In   science   this is called the Unified Force. Since   energy   can neither be created nor destroyed it is infinite. Science also teaches that it is beyond direct observation so it is unknowable. So the Unified Force splits into the Strong Force, the Weak Force and Electromagnetism, creating the Universe.There are then two questions. First, what is the difference between the Unified Force and God? In both cases we have an infinite, unknowable force creating the Universe. Second, what caused the Unified Force to break itself apart?	FAVOR
64	god	 God does exist because I exist, and I felt his love and received the Holy Spirit. I'm the proof of his existance because I believe in him and he wants me to live strongly no matter how many evil and horrible events circulate around the world. Also, why did so many people sacrifice their lives just to spread the word full of love from Christ, even today? And think of the opposite: Why do so many people rail against God a lot? The world will fall apart, but God stands for all eternity.	FAVOR
65	god	I consider myself an atheist, for I see no need for a god to have created the universe or have any role in the playing out of events in this existence.  However this does not automatically mean that god does not exist.  Yet if a god does exist, I do not believe it would be at all the sort of god which any of today's religions adhere to.  It would not care about humans anymore than the air around us, for we are all simply made of matter, energy, and void which interacts according to strict rules which we have never seen broken.  Why would the creator of EVERYTHING care about one small bit of its creation which is in no way different than any other bit except in its own heavily biased opinion.  The universe may just be some pan-dimensional teenager's science-fair experiment simulation on his computer which they created to study the formation of galaxies.  Humans and other life are just things which happened to develop due to this set up of the laws of physics.	AGAINST
66	god	I'm sorry you have so much disbelief. Obviously you put a lot of energy to justify in your own-self about any faith towards God. I'm just going dispute some of the comments about if the world would be better of if Christians where gone. All I have to say is think of a places in the world where there is no God and you will only see death, poverty and despair. The evolution is a farce. Do you remember the cover of national geographic when they had a ape like skull saying that they have found the missing link. Of course that was found out to be a fraud. Point I'm making is, all you have to do is look around and look at the perfect order of nature the extreme complexity and to not even think that there is a creator designer behind it that it is just a mere coincidence. It's just stupid to think that all you are is just a piece of walking flesh do to the fact that evolution is the only reason you are here. And that all of nature with it's perfect order is because. Just look up the number of charities and the number is overwhelmingly Christian based probably the number would be actually more because a lot of them are but are afraid of persecution from Church and State laws.You have denial issues I think deep down you really feel that all of these things are possible but you have chosen to block it out and harden yourself for the truth.You know what makes me laugh is that you have Agnostic historians looking in the bible for references to help them find ancient cities and places. Take Troy for example just to name one out the dozens. They thought it was a myth until they discovered it referenced passages out of the bible to help them. Dude totally have taken the whole 9/11 thing to far. Pretty insulting of course I don't believe those you said. All I was saying is that we have been relatively safe as a nation and my faith believes that yes God does protect us nothing wrong with that. Bad things do happen no matter what trials and tribulations are a part of life.As far as using you storied and other quotes from people and Tibet tribes whatever. I don't care what they think. I don't look to others to convince me of what I know and believe I question man when I hear a preacher or someone else taking about their Ideas. All I know is that there is a God and creator of us and everything. It's my own personal believe. Shame on those missionaries for using a lame story about that which is not true. If they where Mormon that would sound like a BS story from them.	FAVOR
67	god	As I start my doctoral program in biomathematics, I discover that there is absolutely no room for a deity in the advancement of human intellect, science, and mathematics. There is not enough evidence to suggest a deity, therefore the null hypothesis of there not existing one is not rejected if you follow the laws of statistics properly. 	AGAINST
68	god	all humans existed becoz of the improved science and moder techniques.........its true that it is very impossible without any creator, people would exist in this world but I say that it is SCIENCE the creator	AGAINST
69	god	One thing the Bible does is validate itself over and over. Not too long ago, scientist looking at the soil underneath the amazon were amazed when they discovered a sudden shift in the soil and the only explanation they had was that the earth had to come to a complete stop for that shift to happen. They did their dating and it dated back to when God stopped the sun in the book of joshua. Weird. Also, scientist used Hezekiahs tunnel as proof that God didn't exist, until they found it. 	FAVOR
70	god	"Question: What created the matter and   energy   necessary to create the universe. Basic Fact: ""Every cell in plants,   animals  , and human beings has what is called a ""complex metabolic motor"". This is the ability of the cell to extract energy from its   environment   in order to supply energy for the reproduction of the cell and other cell needs. For life to exist, you must have this metabolic motor. But this metabolic motor can only be produced by life."" (Dr. Ron Carlson) It's the same for DNA. So...if you believe in Spontaneous Generation aren't you going against the basic rule of biology (Biogenesis - life only arises from life. It does not come from nonliving matter) Or is nitrogen, ammonia, salts, and   carbon dioxide   living matter?"	FAVOR
71	god	 God does not exist. We can agree that things that have no proof of existence does not exist in a physical matter. We should not hold god to a different standard. There simply isn't any physical evidence of his existence therefore he does not exist.	AGAINST
72	god	 I believe that a sentient and unseen power exists--like a cosmic awareness.  That is what I think of as God.  And I can believe this God exists without believing IN God to DO anything.  And I do not have to be religious or even have a religion to think this.  And the God that may exist may not be like the biblical version  at all.  But we all have a source beyond the physical realm, I think.  We should respect this source in some way, simply for giving us our existence.	FAVOR
73	god	"Consider how much of our DNA is shared by chimpanzees (about 97%). Consider cross-species transfer of viruses, bacteria, etc. whereby humans get malaria, hantavirus, dengue fever and other diseases.That by itself is sufficient to show that ""Intelligent Design"" is oxymoronic. As one of my Philosophy instructors often stated: ""If God created the universe, he was an incompetent engineer."""	AGAINST
74	god	Without reading any other arguments, I posted this too. haha. It's called Paschal's Wager. And although it's not the best way to think about believing in God, it's a start for nonbelievers.	FAVOR
75	god	I have faith because I have experienced the peace that comes through God. I'm not saying I've seen miracles, but I go to morning mass at my school in the mornings. I feel more peaceful on those days than I ever do in any other situation. God is a universal entity in that no matter what culture you are talking about, there is a notion of a supreme being. It's human nature to believe so. It's just that as time progressed, we realized that there really isn't a god for everything, like in polytheistic religions. Instead, we have God who watches over us. He allows the world to run on its own and makes sure good things come out of evil acts. And what else would compel people to do good. I want to do good, primarily, so that I can feel a sense of pride in myself. After this, I also feel I owe it to God to help others the way he has helped me. Even in ancient religions, people acted morally in order to avoid the wrath of their gods. They also sacrificed animals, etc, but that was culture specific.	FAVOR
76	god	this god character(s) was made just to make people feel more secure about the things they cannot explain hundreds and thousands of years ago humans could not explain what some things were and why they happened it is just to cover up peoples fears of the world and giving them something to use to shove in peoples faces trying to prove that they are the smarter and the nonbelievers should be the scared ones even though most of the time they are the ones with the actual answers	AGAINST
77	god	"I was born christian and brought up in catholic school. Later on i realised the rubbish that religion is. Most religions are a group of people coming together to nod at a wall for an hour. All the main religions grow for one reason; Child indoctrination. Christianity did it throughout the 1700's, stealing children from their families ""baptising them"" and bringing them up as fanatics. All religions grab the attention of young children with false promises and teach them to ignore and hate all other points of view. Religion is just indoctrination, hitler did it exactly the same way religion did it and it must be stopped. There is no need for a god. Evolution says there isn't and thanks to the missing link being proved yesterday ir is proven and there is no argument against it apart from the usual religious argument of shouting No repeatedly until you go away. God has no place in this universe the only evidence of his existence are old books written by men. probably insane men."	AGAINST
78	god	"What is the basis of scientific ""proof"" ? Experiments that produce the same results tested by various people right? If you give   religion   the same benefit of proving itself by this way then there are millions upon millions of people who experience   god   and therefore have proven his   existence  . Now many people experience him in a different way but we have to, I think, chalk it up a lot to culture and ideas about what he is. Some people are actually incapable of experiencing god because they lack the prerequisites usually sucked out of them by a lifetime of incredulity. Or in some cases never there in the first place. I'd like to give an example. My mathematics professor was once asked by a colleague how he could believe in god and still be such a logical person. His reply was more or less along these lines, ""I'd explain it to you but you couldn't understand in the time we have."" ""Why not?"" ""Could we pull someone off the street and explain to them complex number theory until they understood it as well as we do? Of course not, they need a basis to start from."" Besides,   science   lives off of   faith   I wouldn't start to decry it. Has anyone seen a quark? What is a quark made of? There's my two cents."	FAVOR
79	god	I hear so many who repeat that just because they are not well educated enough to explain   evolution   it doesn't exist. Many also feel that because teaching abstinance alone doesn't work women must be FORCED to bear unwanted   children  . 	AGAINST
80	god	"""That makes a lot of foolish people in the world billions of foolish people.""Yes, yes it does.It's true that a blind man believes the sky is blue because he was raised that way. Also it's true that he would probably believe in God if he was raised that way. However, there's an important difference: the man can verify that the sky is blue by consulting scientific textbooks. He can't do that with God.Why is it that I trust a science book and not the Bible? Because science is based on evidence. Not just what you can see, but anything that can somehow be shown to exist. This belief based on evidence is the foundation on which we can build an understanding of the world. Without a foundation like this, you're just making shit up."	AGAINST
81	god	 God obviously exists..Everything in the world needs a creator..Like a watchmaker makes watches..If we look around the beauty of this world..There can only be one thing that could have created this..And that's 	FAVOR
82	god	Just because something sucks doesn't mean it's not true.Don't you see the foolishness in believing in something simply because you want it to be true?And the blind man analogy doesn't work because the blind man could verify the existence of the color blue through rational thought. Science tells us in detail about how the eye and the brain work together to perceive colors. It tells us nothing about God.	AGAINST
83	god	Listen, folks, this debate was not really worded very well. Life is worth it no matter what people believe. If they believe in God, fine! Let them believe. If they don't, fine! What does it matter? Why should this matter to anybody? Life is worth living pretty much anytime.	FAVOR
84	god	The decent of man more aptly accounts for our dichotomous moral values that treats people of our clan/country/team etc better than others. during the process of evolution we had to learn how to cooperate with human beings to be more successful hunters but compete against other tribes etc. for resources.if we went with: love thy enemy, love thy neighbor as thyself, and to be perfect sell everything you own and follow me - we would have a much different society than we have today	AGAINST
85	god	"Just how do you explain faith to the faithless. Our faith in our states that faith is not brought on to another by us. As Jesus stated, ""The Father calls them on to me"". Mans faith in himself blinds him to faith in God. Outside of Christianity all other faiths are forms of humanism, just as science is. Are evening and morning news cycles are filled with endless news stories of scientists have done this or that study, or experts suggest this or that. Only later to conclude the opposite may be true. This is the problem with modern day politics, liberalism has basically come to the conclusion of ""This is ok for this moment"". With God nothing changes."	FAVOR
86	god	..the fact that yourargument states that the universe didn't exist in the potency of a former state to become this one. Nice that you think that, but it's seems presumptuous. makes me wonder, do you possess and t-shirts with a large capital A on it? A the scene of an accident, you can rush forward rip off your buttoned up shirt and proclaim.. 'if he/she dies, that's the end of the road..'back to the point, (i really think an accompanied video with you blowing bubbles could have added some ground to your argument.) I think the most direct and clear paradox of life is.. the lack of entropy. The perpetual state of dynamics, of life. in the very universe itself. I don't think you've ever considered that. I think it's the most blatantly profound truth in   existence  . With our limited understanding of physical   science  , this is an impossibility. So this big mysterious factor even fits with your terms, so one must conclude the likely hood that your conclusion is absolutely wrong. Our sceince says something had to do it. brain waves, the fabric of time,... we have a lot we don't understand.. but evidently there is a something. ever dream of something that didn't happen yet? happens to people everyday. apparently, the physical world is just scratching the surface to reality. now consider the reality of metaphysical ideas. These ideas, being substantial.. now do things make more sense? 	FAVOR
87	god	"This one is going to be long. First off. If there was a   god   who created everything, how would you...Prove he exists?Prove that he DOSEN'T exist. Prove that he pointed at the ground and said ""I want a cat there"" and there came a cat.Prove that he didn't make a couple of bacteria and work his way up from there. Bad things happen because god made a world of order. It may look like chaos but it is an order. And for order to work some things have to happen every once in a while. If you have a large body pulling in on its self your going to have friction. That friction makes heat which melts rock. This rock makes a molten core which causes convection currents which makes; earth quakes, tsunamis and volcanoes. Does the occurrence of these things prove or disprove god? It does neither. Some people live in   poverty  , some suffer and live in pain and death. Does this mean that there is no god, or that if there is that he doesn't care? The   bible   says that he gave man free agency. If he were to pop down here and say hello to all of us, and help us out of our miseries what would happen to our agency? If he jumped in and made a   murder   stop, wouldn't he have just over ridden that murder's agency?If you wanted to know how people to make certain decisions, would you let them know that your there and watching, or would you keep your presence unknown?Where in the bible does it say that god condemns people to hell? What I read is that people condemn themselves, by not ever going back to god in the first place. As in ""I don't belong there, might as well not try"" not go back. Why is there evil if there is a god? Why is there down if there is an up?eh, I'll post more latter. Its like 3 am here. "	FAVOR
88	god	The only God you disprove with your arguments is the one that you have created within your own mind. In order to disprove any framework of belief, you must adopt that framework and disprove it within itself; therefore, you cannot define God. Because you have failed to disprove God in every sense of the term, your arguments cannot be valid. For example: you have failed to disprove one of philosophy's most famous examples of God- Plato's God of the forms. Plato believed that this God ruled by transcendent laws that existed already, and transcended even God himself. This definition meets your argument, and therefore your argument inherently fails to provide any offense, and disproves nothing.	FAVOR
89	god	Yes, I do understand evolution perfectly well.  I'd be interested to see what you regard as credible research on intelligent design.  Wishful thinking is not a substitute for decent research.  At least Darwin did make predictions which came true.  Lord Kelvin (who was probably one of the pre-eminent physicists of Darwin's time) said that evolution by natural selection was impossible, because the Earth could only be 30 million years old, and there was therefore not enough time.  Darwin just said that Lord Kelvin was wrong; how spectacularly wrong is shown by the current accepted age of the Earth of 4.5 billion years.  Lord Kelvin was wrong because he didn't know about radioactivity (no one at the time did) which was was keeping the Earth warmer and throwing off his estimate.  I have no doubt that those who don't accept evolution will be shown to be wrong for the same reason, except it will be because of deliberate ignorance rather than inadvertant.  Intelligent design is just a theory.  It makes no predictions.  I'd be interested what your university training was, and how much actual teaching you have had of evolution or even biology.  Evolution is completely compatible with religion.  Francis Collins quite happily accepts (theistic) evolution, and the Catholic Chuch doesn't insist that Genesis is literally correct, equating creation with the implantatation of the soul in humans.	AGAINST
90	god	"I think you make a fine point in saying that uniting behind a common religion will bring about more peace than allowing divided opinions, and I also appreciate you referencing Green Street Hooligans. I thought that was a wonderful movie and you tied it into your argument nicely so I marked you up a point for it.To clarify my argument, I understand that eliminating religious beliefs will not be the end-all solution to the world's problems, and that people will always fight and try to control one another, however I see religion as simply another tool or motivation to fight. I believe that eliminating religion from the list of things to fight over could only help.To address what you said about uniting behind a common ""god"": I believe that it is natural for humans to have differences, and that society must find a way to embrace those differences instead of repressing them with religion (or other forms of absolute unity such as authoritarian government, etc.) It may sound nice to have everyone united in feeling and acting the same way, but it is simply not human nature to do so, and history shows that these sorts of feelings only breed more intolerance toward those who don't fall in line. The sort of logic you are arguing for is the same sort that Hitler would have used to explain himself. That society would be better if we all just felt the same way towards everything, and that we were all united behind a common government (or religion in this case). The point I'm trying to make is that people are different. Their moods and opinions are always changing, and the way to cope with this not by eliminating diversity, but finding a way to embrace it (i.e: democracy)"	AGAINST
91	god	"""never put anyone to death for not believing in him"" - HA!anyone who doesn't believe in him gets eternal damnation"	AGAINST
92	god	Is it not also quite a stretch to assert that something of that nature DOES exist?Any concept could be concocted and then defended on the basis of insufficient evidence to the contrary, but without evidence backing said concoction (save for gaps in human understanding), what's to say that it's valid or even worth considering?	AGAINST
93	god	"I apologise.  I thought you were sensible and were going to give me some good references.  The Discovery Institute is NOT creditable.  I am well aware of the site.  Many of the ""peer reviewed"" material are just books, which are not peer reviewed.  I notice that the article that Richard Sternberg sneaked into a niche journal on classification and which was later repudiated as being sub-standard makes the list.  Obviously, whatever science education you have had at university hasn't taught you critical thinking, and I would like to know what courses you have actually had?"	AGAINST
94	god	This appears to be a double postÃ‰  my reply can be found     	AGAINST
95	god	 There is a god who always helps us.your saying there  is no proof that god exits then who created the earth,platnets and heavens.i am sure that mankind cannot create all these.so GOD DOES EXITS.	FAVOR
96	god	To be a true hypothesis you have to be able to devise experiments by which you can demonstrate if it is correct or not.  Radio waves (tv and wireless signals are all in the radio spectrum) cannot be seen, but can be detected and proven to exist.	AGAINST
97	god	It isn`t clear and it does raise more questions than answers since there is no definitive answer...only limiting questions about an unlimited thesis.	FAVOR
98	god	Okay, so let's say it was an accident- how did the accident come to be? There really is no explanation for why the universe began without factoring some supernatural being.We don't need to know anything about the initial force that created the universe- that's why there are many different religions out there. We just need to understand that there was some initial force.	FAVOR
99	god	According to Christians, God did become man, in an understandable, historically provable and recognizable form(Jesus), thus anthropormophizing Himself totally. However, it doesn`t help us to prove His existence since proving Jesus was God (or the son of God) is still beyond our abilities. 	FAVOR
100	god	God is made for stupid adults and young children to give them a conscience. Nothing more nothing less	AGAINST
101	god	"By ""Darwin's stuff"" I'm assuming you mean evolution. That isn't ""just a theory,"" it's a scientific theory. Please tell me you know the difference. Science doesn't make things up as it goes along, as religions do.And about the other holy texts, you are incorrect. I hope you choose to expand on what you know, but if not, that's yours to deal with. I'm not going to argue this any longer."	AGAINST
102	god	I agree with this guy 100% and he's right with some of the declines in modern society. But he said himself; we need some rules, just not too many and use practical wisdom to make the right choices. I guess we can apply that to some of the scenarios we have. My bad if I've made it seem like everything is black and white (i guess I might've) but it was only to keep the debates as simple as possible.One thing you're assuming is that people are smarter now than they used to be. There's no way of knowing and in many cases this is true, especially when you look at western civilisations, however when you look to the east, we could say they're just as bright as we are, from the egyptians and greeks, to indians and chinese to aztec and mayan (very little knowledge on them btw). Not only did they have numerous powerful and compelling minds, but they also based their reasoning around God and religion. However religions were completely different in those days compared to the religions these days and so to take my argument one step further it is that belief in non-Abrahimic Gods are for the greater good.	FAVOR
103	god	"""Science has been proven, God hasn't."" It doesn't take a scientist to know that the first rule to scientific theory is that nothing can be proven. Nothing. Not even that the world is round (and it's not. It's shaped like a pear.) All scientists can do is come up with massive amounts of evidence over time to support their theories. Which is what Christians, Jews, and Muslims try to do all over the world every day. ""You essentially say Ã’he did it with magicÃ“ Ã which also doesnÃ•t exist, so there we are again."" Okay...What if there is a god? (I know, I know you're an atheist, bear with me here.) Let's assume God's the all powerful type and he came up with *gasp!* the laws of the universe (Scientific laws included)? Would it be so ridiculous for any believer to suppose that he works through the scientific manner which he himself created? In which case, science doesn't disprove the idea of God, it actually supports it.""Is there a god?  IÃ•m afraid not. Too bad."" Just fyi, about two thirds of the human population can be documented and classified as a certain type of believer in God. So for you to attempt to crush their insights and beliefs in such a trite way without any evidence to back up your claim not only makes you look insensitive, but says nothing for your credibility. And you are speaking on behalf of an organization, man! So you're making them look bad too. Nice. "	FAVOR
104	god	 I dont care to explain myself here, but God does not exist for many reasons and those who believe that he does are either ignorant of science or arrogant enough to not accept facts.	AGAINST
105	god	Science teaches that in the beginning the Unified Force, an infinite, unknowable force, split into the strong force, the weak force, and electromagnetism, creating the universe. An infinite, unknowable force creates the universe. Sound familiar?	FAVOR
106	god	Believers have faith.  The Bible is clear that faith is required.  However, these citations claiming to disprove The Bible are false.  Saying The Bible is wildly inaccurate a few hundred times and getting others to site the statement, doesn't make it true.There are plenty of archeological and historical correlations to stories presented in The Bible.	FAVOR
107	god	" There is no evidence or even any suggestion of there being a god.  Until some is presented, and that does not include ""isn't everything amazing, it must be god"", then is it not fair enough for us not to believe in his/her existence?   What were your encounters?"	AGAINST
108	god	I do not think believing in god is worth it. I have spent many hours of my life contemplating the question of god. For me, a god that is so distant is not worth it. Why worry and stress about the afterlife instead of the life you got now? There is no point. For me, its much more worth it to put my energy into my life and worry about whats going on while I am living, not what will happen after I die. Who knows? What if there is no afterlife? What then? Point being that people should enjoy the time they got instead of preparing for something they lack knowledge of.	AGAINST
109	god	Why does it have to be so simple? Because you want it to be...I think lots of religious people are like that, they want a quick, succinct, all-encompassing answer to where we came from, what are we doing here, and what happens to us after we die. Sorry things can't be explained so easily for you. Try opening a   science   book and actually learning about what few things we have managed to understand about the universe. I'm sure it's just scratching the surface.	AGAINST
110	god	Ahh ok. When it comes to sexual acts.. its a lot harder to argue with because you can't really explain why it's bad. Same as homosexuality.. it's hard to explain why it's bad. All I know in my heart is that it's wrong. You're asking me why... I don't know why.. I do know that it's wrong though.. and it goes hand in hand with this 'downward spiral' in todays society. 1 thing though, I don't do anything because God says so. I agree with Him... not follow Him blindly.Thing about right and wrong - There is no proof to it. That is one thing I can garauntee you 100%. It's purely opinion or one's own thoughts. Science has no morals. Nor has facts. Morals, right and wrong does not go hand in hand with numbers, statistics and tests. Morality is outside of explanations through science. Sometimes you do things for the sake of doing. You don't question everything. Some things you can question... and still do it, some things you question and don't do it, but questioning everything is just as bad as not questioning everything.	FAVOR
111	god	i firmly accept with this statement.we always even in our day to day life we pray god only for goodness and even we believe that if we pray it is for greater good.as you have stated it is not matter of religions.	FAVOR
112	god	Evolution is fact (the fossils show change).  Darwin proposed the theory of evolution by means of natural selection.  Intelligent design is just another theory; a theory of evolution by means of intelligent design (the proponents don't deny change, nor do they deny natural selection at species level).  The proponents of ID have failed to provide any evidence or ways of recognising ID when or if it occurs, and until they do so, it can't be taken seriously.  Natural selection, on the other hand, has a lot of evidence in its favour.	AGAINST
113	god	Wtf is this bs downvotes without responses on different subjects thats funny especially since the debates were 15 days apart from each other.	FAVOR
114	god	hahaha why do people still ask this question?? I honestly dont think god exists, has he done anything for us? if there is I mean you look at it the bible is a rip off of like a million different religions and there is no credible evidence pointing to the existance of this oh so benevolent being. I mean if god exists i guess zues and buddah do to. Oh and another thing ethiopia is the oldest christian religion yet where is this god when there dying like it's going out of fashion? so no god doesnt exist and if you want to argue the point come out with some evidence that doesnt come from a book of lies.	AGAINST
115	god	The bible is not proof for god. That would be considered circular reasoning.	AGAINST
116	god	i don't think there's a god because i think some people are scared of there being nothing when they die so they want 2 believe in something and kings and queens used gods 2 get there people on there side like the Egyptians i reckon they did it for their god but were really only doing it because thats what their pharaoh wanted. So the pharaoh says the gods have spoken and if they didn't do it they would go to hell and die over and over again and this would put fear in the peoples eyes, i also the reckon the bible is a fairy tale and just been taking out of proportion. People say there was a Santa Claus so children would be good so how can you trust anything that is said when there is no hardcore evidence.	AGAINST
117	god	I don't accept your dichotomy.	AGAINST
118	god	I say no because they made him up as a lazy excuse for how everything was made because back then they didn't know about what was going on in space. But today people can make a better guess on how the earth and us where made.	AGAINST
119	god	just because you have faith and believe in miracles you believe in god....................point out the godly miracles........	AGAINST
120	god	"Actually, God described a round earth in the Old Testiment, but man later put upon religion (not truth), that the earth was flat.  Why would you assume that a simple understanding of some of the forces of nature disproves God's existance?  We still don't know much.  We discover new vitamins each year, we argue global warming (now safely named ""climate change"" because of the cooler past 10 years), we struggle over dark matter theories and time/space challenges... what makes us think we can rule out God when we don't understand.  You claim that science has always found evidence.  I politely disagree.  I believe there is much more we don't know than what we assume we know.  The latest theory of the universe is that our section of universe exists in a time-space bubble, different from the rest of all that exists.  This would explain the behavior of forces we can't understand, as though we are seeing through a ""glass, dimly"".  Apparently, the scientists biggest problem with this otherwise plauable explaination is that it would mean that the earth, and our portion of the universe are truly special, unique.  I guess that this scientific theory would come close to saying that it may be as God said after all.  (not that any understanding of the universe is contrary to an understanding of God).  But I call that biased science.  You don't really think we know it all, do you?"	FAVOR
121	god	I'm sorry, your scripture is incompatible with logical arguments.	AGAINST
122	god	so therefore you do believe in god, why are you on the its not worth it side???	FAVOR
123	god	"Juanita,How can you find it more likely that a super-being, who was always there, created everything out of nothing, with only one tiny planet in trillions as his only purpose and the rest as space junk. This super being, loves you if you worship him and tortures you forever if you die still asking questions. Though you may feed the poor and help the helpless - you burn if you don't believe.If you knoew someone like this on earth, they would be either in prison or in a mental hospital.By the way, the only time Jesus ever defined God when cornered by the apostles, he simply said ""God is Love"". Love creates, love lasts, love heals. Jesus never believed in a grumpy old man in the sky who fries you if you don't get on your knees and worship him.I think Jesus would have thrown you out of the temple for your ignorance. Put God to the same test you would your husband or loved ones and see if he doesn't fail miserably."	AGAINST
124	god	A scientist comments on Rabbi JerritÃ•s 3 conditions:1. Theories of, or beliefs in, a Divine source for the Universe constitute the longest standing range of explanations for the source of our world. I guess that it is a basic tenet of science that this fact has no value whatsoever. Countless ideas have longest standing (e.g. the sun goes around the earth) yet are wrong.2. Theories of, or beliefs in, a Divine source for the Universe constitute the most agreed-upon range of explanations believed by human beings Ã throughout history and still today.This is a testimony to the limited education that has been available to human beings. The comment about 1. applies here, as this is simply another statement of 1.3. Each and every other explanation for the source of our world is lacking in one fundamental area; they cannot explain without significant problems on the one hand, or an articulation that resembles one of Divinity without the label on the other hand, what existed prior to the world. The existence of a God, without beginning and without end, spatially or temporally, solves this problem.The first sentence is true. The second is trivial, and IÃ•m much more comfortable with the curved space-time general theory of relativity description of the universe, without beginning and without end, spatially or temporally. Evidence  Text The Expanded Quotable Einstein Ã’I want to know how God created this world. I am not interested in this or that phenomenon, in the spectrum of this or that element. I want to know his thoughts. The rest are details.Ã“ Einstein is speaking of God as Nature. There are innumerable quotes  (e.g. see the Isaacson biography) that show Einstein was an agnostic.IÃ•m getting the feeling that IÃ•m discussing Ã’How many angels can dance on the head of a pinÃ“, and that is a waste of my time.	AGAINST
125	god	No, there's no evidence. Why not believe in pink unicorns as well? And teapots? And Santa? I guess these are all pretty cliche arguments, but why be content with not understanding the world when you can?	AGAINST
126	god	It's called Paschal's Wager. Let's say you live a religious/moral life, then there are four results:1. You believe in God. He exists. You get to go to Heaven!2. You believe in God. He doesn't exist. Nothing happens(rot in ground).3. You don't believe in God. He doesn't exist. Nothing happens(rot in ground).4.You don't believe in God. He does exist. You go to Hell. Eternal suffering! Yeah!Therefore, wouldn't your odds on the afterlife be better if you DO believe in God?	FAVOR
127	god	"Believing in God is so Great! Here's just a little list of all the great things that humanity has achieved in ""God's"" name!1. The Crusades: thousands upon thousands of good honest Christians stopped killing each other for a little while to kill thousands upon thousands of ""evil"" ""savage"" Muslims in several centuries of good, honest, and God blessed blood letting. Yay God!2. Witch hunting: without witch hunting, how else would we have been able to put those overly independent, intelligent, or simply abnormal women in their places! And, here's the genius of it; it's win win! Either they're proved to be a witch and then we get to kill them, or they're proved not to be a witch, but they die anyways from the testing!3. Hell: what better way to make little children behave than by terrorizing them with stories of being tortured for eternity in the fiery bowels of the abyss! Belief in God makes parenting a breeze! This also works for controlling mentally handicapped people!4. Purchasing Redemption: everybody makes mistakes! Sometimes you just can't help murdering all those innocent children and then defiling their remains. But wait! Have no fear! You don't have to go to Hell! All you need to do is ""Purchase your Redemption"" from the Pope or any one of his representatives. Although, this option is no longer available in the present day, there's something even better! Not only can you get away with murder, they'll even pay you for it if you join the US Army, or any one of the private defense contractors currently serving in Iraq!5. Defense against Science (a.k.a. the Devil's Art): From Galileo Galilei to Albert Einstein; from Nicholas Copernicus to Giordano Bruno, our belief in God has protected us against such VILE and DESPICABLE creatures also known as ""scientists""! Through such holy means as putting them in prison, burning their books, torturing them to confession, or simply setting them on fire, our belief in God has allowed us to remain in pleasant, ignorant bliss, encouraging us to allow those who are our betters (aka chosen by God) to make our choices for us."	AGAINST
128	god	The problem with pascal's wager is that it doesn't say which god you should believe in - using pascal's logic you should probably just find out which god is the most jealous of belief in other gods, has the best reward and worst punishment. So if the flying speghetti monster promises worse than weeping and gnashing of teeth, then you should believe in it rather than YWYH.	AGAINST
129	god	"I do not believe in god as a ""god"" like the bible describes him to be. To me, ""god"" is the power above us. It cannot speak, hear us or give us advice of any sort."	AGAINST
130	god	All we realize only exists in our mind.	FAVOR
131	god	Your grammar is a little off	FAVOR
132	god	The universe cannot be infinetly old, according to my very limited knowledge, because heat flows from warm to cold bodies.  If the universe has always existed, everything should be the same temperature.  Where am I wrong?	FAVOR
133	god	NO.God is really not there..............It is just an imaginary figure which has created laziness in the minds of the people	AGAINST
134	god	Your example is hard to answer as I do not know all the ins and outs. BUT if we're going to take the thou shalt not kill for it then yes, she shouldn't have an abortion. It may not be the right thing to do, but it is the right thing to do. It's like that Jehovah who died because she wouldn't take a blood transfusion.I think the basis of your argument is that God's word cannot be applied to modern day society and in a way you're right, because the world is moving so fast these days that every decade shows more change than it used to a few hundred years ago and that half the things today aren't even mentioned in the past i.e. abortion, cloning etc. However I would say that it's only people's mentality that is different to the past. We tend to think we know the answers, or questions and that we're a lot smarter than we used to be. In some ways we are, and in some ways we're not, some things are better and some things are worse but I think in MOST aspects these 'rules' are still as applicable as the past. Give me a few examples of todays problems which you think cannot be solved through religion and I'll try and explain as best I can as to how religion can be applied to it.	FAVOR
135	god	by borders i meant the part where you said at the expense of justice, liberty etc.	FAVOR
136	god	"I just get upset when it's completely away from it and someone tells.That's funny, I'd think it was in general a good idea to encourage kids to ""tell"" when an adult in an authority position forces them to do something illegal and in violation of their rights.As far as the Texas thing I familiar with that being a part of the bible belt no one objectedOh, OK, since nobody objected to them breaking the law it's OK. But when somebody DOES object to the school breaking the law in Florida, then it's the objection that is not OK, whereas breaking the law should still be OK. That makes no sense whatsoever at all.it was only one person who complainedWell, that's not ""no one,"" then, is it? That's someone whose civil rights were violated. Whereas those ""hundreds"" DO NOT HAVE A RIGHT TO FORCE PUBLIC PRAYER AT PUBLIC SCHOOLS. Their ""rights"" weren't violated one bit because the law explicitly says that they have no right to do that, whereas the complaining student does have a right to insist that they don't.where the wants and needs of the many out ways the needs of the fewThat's actually a principle of Star Trek, not government. The wants of the many do NOT in any case outweigh the rights of the few. That would be antithetical to our Constitution, and it's not what Spock meant either."	AGAINST
137	god	"""No, because i've never seen any evidence saying otherwise (and psychics and ghosts don't exist no matter how many people claim they do).""Claims of supernatural powers:Confirmed by experiment: 0%Refuted by experiment: 100%"	FAVOR
138	god	That is all true. I already knew about Christmas coming from the pagans. Whats wrong with faith. My religion has always had that position.	FAVOR
139	god	I firmly believe that for MOST people in the world it is best that God exists. Purely because the consequences of crossing God are much worse than the laws. You can escape from the law, you can challenge the law, you can appeal against the law. The law is not perfect. The law has it's flaws. GOD IS PERFECT (in the believer's mind). You cannot disagree with God as he is MUCH smarter, wiser etc. he is not corrupted and gives what the person deserves. What's better/worse is that He takes everything the person has done at the end of their life - all the Karma added up at the end of life. So not just one bad incident, but fairly judges him/her after all of their actions.I will contribute more later.	FAVOR
140	god	"There are a lot of arguments about the existence of GOD. Some try to prove scientifically and logically. What we need to know is that GOD is so much much bigger (beyond our imagination) than what we can think of. We cannot limit GOD with our (limited and simple) mind. GOD creates everything, there is no way that the created being can think about the CREATOR. In a simple analogy we can put it this way, a computer programme cannot explain about the programmer unless the programmer put it in the programme he or she wrote. The same way is with our GOD, unless GOD reveals to us (humankind), there is no way we know or understand about GOD. The other thing that we need to know, we live in a different dimension from GOD. For this reason we cannot enter the other dimensions. Talking about poverty, sickness and all the problems in this world we cannot avoid not to talk about sins. To explain about this we need to refer to the original sin (as what is written in the Bible in the book of Genesis). As we know, GOD so loves the world that HE has given HIS only begotten Son to die for humankind. From here we can see that GOD wants every single human being to be saved from ""the dead"" (eternal separation from GOD). When GOD walked on this earth in form of humankind like us, HE also experienced all the sufferings known to this world. So, HE perfectly knows about this. Another thing we need to know is that life is more than ""walking"" on this planet (which is only a very small fraction of the ""real"" life - in the life after). After all if we really want to know about GOD, we simply need to ask GOD to reveal HIMSELF to us so that we can understand what is beyond our (limited and simple) mind.By the way, if you are interested in knowing about this futher, based on my experience, there is an excellent book that explain clearly. The name of the book is ""The Progress of Redemption: The Story of Salvation from Creation to the New Jerusalem"" by Willem Vangemeren (you can look at the internet).Finally, what I can say, if we really ask and humble ourselves, GOD will definitely reveal HIMSELF to us in HIS own way."	FAVOR
141	god	Agreed on the Pascal's Wager argument. I would also like to add that if there isn't anything in this life after, than you have wasted your one and only life in fear of some spooky invisible being. That right there is the biggest loss.	AGAINST
142	god	God doesn't hate you.	FAVOR
143	god	"""For life to exist, you must have this metabolic motor. But this metabolic motor can only be produced by life."" (Dr. Ron Carlson)""The 'complex metabolic motor' is the end result of 3.5 billion years worth of   evolution  .""It's the same for DNA. So...if you believe in Spontaneous Generation aren't you going against the basic rule of biology (Biogenesis - life only arises from life. It does not come from nonliving matter) Or is nitrogen, ammonia, salts, and   carbon dioxide   living matter?""Biology dose say that modern life cannot arise from 'non-life' however the same is not true of the oldest forms of life which did arise from self replicating protens."	AGAINST
144	god	I'm one of those 'logical' atheist...	FAVOR
145	god	"I find it interesting your weak way of discrediting a reputable scientist, but say noting of Ruse who has said himself that Behe is a reputable scientist. They have even contributed in a book together called ""Debating Design."" I suppose because you say it that it is true, then it is true. Are you familiar with Lenin, "" Ã’A lie told often enough becomes truth. You obviously do not know much about the scientific community, nor the scientist and their work. Perhaps if you have read Behe instead of goggling weak arguments you would know that he has demonstrated such support, and well known reputable arguments. Behe has demonstrated several examples in micro-biology including the flagellum, and Bacillus subtilis. Your best bet would to pick a topic and debate it, instead of using a strawman attack on a scientist. As for Collins, you obviously have not read his material either. Collins arguments are not philosophical they are mathematical and measurable. For example just one parameter: if gravity were stronger by only one part in a trillion trillion trillion the universe would have collapsed back on itself. My   advice   is to not argue vaguely, but to use logical cogent reason free from ideology and fallacious reasoning. Know the facts, submit the facts, interpret the data, and remember. ""Science doesn't provide us with truth. The practice of scientific investigation involves tools that help us explain how the physical world might work. The explanation doesn't have to be true to be useful, just consistent with most of the evidence."" (Spencer)  Thank you for you time I hope you put more thought into your next argument.Other scientist to read... Guillermo Gonzalez, Jay W Richards"	FAVOR
146	god	Then tell me why we haven't after thousands of years and what makes you think we every will? I know of only one thing that has, and that you deny.	FAVOR
147	god	"weedonald said: ""It is philosophically,logically and scientifically impossible to prove that God exists or does not""I totally agree, and defer you to Occam's Razor.You completely define your own god out of existence and try to claim that helps your case somehow. You provide absolutely nothing other than to claim your claim cannot be claimed, unclaimed, or counter-claimed solely by claiming it is so. God doesn't exist because he can't exist, by definition from BOTH sides of the argument.Why don't mono-theists understand that their belief in a god, is no different than believing in gods. Mono-theists think it's foolish to believe in multiple gods, but are aghast and dumbfounded when someone doesn't believe in their god. All forms of god-worship are simply a waste of the persons time and energy. Only atheism and agnostism are intellectually honest positions as only they are willing to admit that they have not seen or heard OBJECTIVE evidence that the laws of physics can be false."	AGAINST
148	god	"In order to answer this question the first thing we have to agree upon is on our views of human nature or on the potential of human nature. It seems as the belief in God for the greater good is correlated with the belief that human beings are evil and that have no potential to do good unless they have some belief in a supernatural force. Contradictorily, most religions are based upon the notion that man is a ""fallen"" creature that needs to be redeemed through rituals, or some sort of metaphysical connection to a higher being. Religion and the belief in God are sustained by the thought that we are evil. The situation we are in right now religions have preeminence in dictating moral standards. Thus, the basis for our understanding of human nature comes from the religious basis that we need some sort of enlightment or redemption to be restored to a higher plane. In this situation the only way to achieve a greater good is through God. thus when yuo say ""people turn to atheism and do what they want,"" you are assuming that this means they will turn into some sort of savages. This is not true. This is just based on your conception of human nature which comes from religion. I would like to see an interpretation of human nature that is not based on religious premises. One that more objectively demonstrates our potential to be good or bad depending on the environment we are raised, our level of education, and our own genetic disposition."	AGAINST
149	god	iamdavidh,You seem like a very open minded guy, so I'd like to buy a book for you. I want to do that since I think you would give it a fair reading and I would like to get your opinion on it since it weighs heavily in my opinion on the existence of god. Anthony Flew held many of the same views you do, if not more. But something changed and I find it very compelling. If you are going to change my mind you need to overcome his argument, I've included a link to amazon.com so just say the word and I'll buy it for you.	FAVOR
150	god	"Hmmmm. After reading this not only do I think you don't know what you're talking about, but you've also got a warped sense of reality, especially when it comes to religion.You're ideology is complete freedom for oneself. This is the epitome of selfishness... doing whatever you want as long as you don't think it affects anybody else.This whole delusion you've got about how all religious people follow God blindly is again wrong. If people didn't know why they followed God, if they were just mindless zombies who had no senses themselves then why is it that theists are able to argue for their religion? Some even give a different interpretation... some change things altogether. There are many ignorant theists out there, but they tend to be from poor countries, limited education and live simple lives. Apart from them all theists follow such laws after thinking them through. You're saying arguing which religion is right is absurd?!??! This is what people do with differences. They clash. It's not just religion.. it's race, ideology, philosophy, politics etc. EVERYTHING.So what's wrong with this 'soul saving excercise'? Give some examples cause I don't know wtf you're chatting.However, when we are talking about society, we have to make laws based on factual evidence, not subjective feelings about things. Yes people make a ""moral"" choice about things, but this choice doesnt necessarily have to be based on fairy tales. It can be based on scientific evidence.Here comes your warped ideas about people again. You're telling me moral choices only come from fairy tales. Seeing as you don't believe in fairies... you don't have an morals. According to you. People's moral choices aren't based on fairy tales. Fairy tales are in accordance to their moral choices. (Remember I said this earlier...). People are generally against murder. These fairy tales are against murder. They're both against murder. People aren't against murder because fairy tales are against murder. You cannot make a law based on science without judgement outside of science. I've written why before... if you didn't understand it I'll explain one last time.Let's have immigration as an example.Law requires legal migrants.. not illegal immigrants.Science tells us the positives and negatives of immigration.OUR OWN JUDGEMENT will decide whether or not we want immigration and to what degree. This judgement is outside of science as science cannot make decisions.. only explain them to a certain degree.So drug dealers are bad because of your reason? Not because they're selling substances that harm your body in the long term, cause addictions which leads into other trouble. Not because of that. Only because it's outside of the government's economy. NO!Belief in god entails faith, and faith is the ability to believe in something without evidence. ...(more and more bs i've already talked about.... Maybe you are just trying to hold on to your subjective believe that you need god to know what is good or bad for you.Firstly I've already said to question is good. However doesn't mean you've got the right answers when it goes against your religion. You might sometimes... but I doubt it. To question doesn't mean to go against. So when you believe in God.. doesn't mean you believe whatever anyone else tells you. Maybe that happened to you or somebody you knew.. but not in the majority of educated religious people. Science on the other hand doesn't teach anything. Science does nothing. Science is basically theory. Theory based on logic, evidence, statistics, solutions etc, but it is theory.The problem is that people assume that it was meant for societyNO! you see that is where you are wrong. When people are happy, good (on a personal level) then it means society will be happy and good on a personal level. That is plain logic. You've got it wrong about the Jews and Jesus. Or that Satan story. That Satan story doesn't mean shit about God or that the world doesn't belong to God. It's the same as being a customer in a shop and telling somebody to steal something. It's temptation.. not a bargain. LOL! You're such an amazingly smart, good, morally absolute person yet you don't even understand the simplest of stories. I'm not even Christian, nor do I agree with a lot of it's practices yet at the least I understand what I disagree with. This shows that you don't understand where you stand. You've got a deluded idea about religious people based on your own personal, limited experiences.Saying you cant smoke a joint because god wouldn't like it, is retarded. Saying that you shouldn't smoke it cause it kills brain cells is a different kind of choice.NO!!!! Again you're wrong!! Even though I can understand where you're coming from, you're wrong. If you believe, trust and have faith in someone you follow them. Even though you don't always know why, you follow their reasoning because you know that they're right. So when people say it's because God wouldn't like it... it's because they truly trust God and think that what He said is right. You're trying to ask them to question God. How the fuck can you do that? lol?!?!I have no problem with you being atheist... only your reasoning. You have a very limited imagintion, perspective, experience, narrow and understanding of matters. Not only does this make it hard to argue and explain with you, but it makes most of your points invalid.I feel like stopping this too. I get annoyed when you don't understand the points I make and you probably feel the same way. You started off great though and tbh I tihnk it would be better if you made a debate about a single subject which you don't agree with.. as this is definately too broad."	FAVOR
151	god	of course. Looking around us we see things that cant be explained away by futile theories created by people to fill the void in their life.Take Yellowstone. Travel there, walk around and tell me if it takes more faith to believe that it was a random act of evolution or a planned act of an all-powerful God.	FAVOR
152	god	"Science is an hypothesis as well. It is based on the perception that the universe is limited to what we can sense with our 5 senses and instrumentation designed to augment those five senses.Right now there are thousands of radio and tv and wireless signals going past my head but I cant see or hear or even feel them because i dont have the receiver turned on or tuned to the proper frequency. But regardless of that those signals are there. WHat else is there that I simply do not have  a receiver for or am not tuned into. Is there a ""spirit of truth and righteousness"" that requires a mind that can receive it and a mind that is tuned into the frequency it broadcasts on? Many people have a ""gut feeling"" about what is right and wrong, where does it come from. Last nights Spaghetti :-)Or is there a ""spirit of truth and righteousness"" is there a concious or subconcious concience that is more than just what we have reasoned from our life experience to be the correct thing to do. We are really good at justifying what we some how know is wrong. IMHO"	FAVOR
153	god	 God doesnt exist!! Everything is caused by the big bang theory!!!! We are evolved from sea monkeys so there are isnt such thing in god maybe budda  real but not god and the dalama lama is real and the hopes real but there is no such thing as a god. I believe there was such a person as jesus!!!!!	AGAINST
154	god	"This personal, religious belief is NOT any ""proof"" that God exists, period."	AGAINST
155	god	I applaud your honesty. Science is not what is or isn't, but instead what might or might not be. Science explanation does not have to be true to be useful, just consistent with most of the evidence. How much of   science   has been disapproved with new technologies. I mean look how much of Darwin has been disputed as inaccurate, thanks to molecular Biology. Follow the evidence, make a decision. I would encourage you as a seemingly logical scientist to study more on Robert Collins Fine Tuning, Michael Behe, Jonathan Wells (molecular Biology), and David Berlinski. Good life to you	FAVOR
156	god	"so whats your point? that everybody should hear two sides to every single story they hear?The point is to illustrate that more information about a subject leads to better judgment on it. Ideally we should refrain from emitting moral judgments when we don't have enough information. The point was on how information, not the subjectivity of religion, leads to better judgments. thats because you are talking to religious people using religious answers Evidently, this is your case, as you are trying to pose a defense for god. On questioning. Questioning should not be ""overcome"" as if it was an obstacle. Questions just need answers. When religious people seek answers in prayer, the answer has a high chance of just being a subjective personal intuition. If religious people would really look for answers they would have to start by first questioning the very existence of god, and requiring proof. you cannot say one has a better law just because it doesn't agree with your ideologyOf course it is possible to judge whether an ideology is right or wrong, just as it is possible to judge the morality of anything else. Laws that do not give equal treatment to it's inhabitants , are laws that lack a good morality. When slavery was accepted, for example, the definition of citizen was not applicable to the slaves, as they were not awarded the same rights. I do not agree with it, not because of some ""personal ideology"" but because I believe all human beings to be equal. In your example of a country that bans homosexuality, I would also find that rather disgusting - how can it be right to judge a person by what he/she does in bed? are they harmful to society? how? Anyway, thank you for showing your low level of maturity. With this, I abstain from the ridiculous debate that you have created. But again, I don't have enough information to judge you as a good or bad person as I lack the information about your age, your educational level, and the degree of your faith. ... ;-) cheers. And I didn't need god to tell me that pre-judging a person is bad... Or maybe if I had god then I could make a quick prejudgment and say you are a bigot."	AGAINST
157	god	Well seeing as their cults I wouldn't really look into them too much. I did some research into them and they do seem completely different to Abrahimic faiths. I would certainly say that Eastern religions are based on philosophy with them being more interested into the understanding of one self in correspondance to the universe. Mythology, history, culture and philosophy I would say are basis of eastern religions also with the founder having lesser significance than abrahimic faiths.	FAVOR
158	god	"Contrary to the attempts of the religious to make an epistemological equivalence between naturalism and supernaturalism as equally arguable hypotheses to explain nature, there is no such thing as a presumption of naturalism.You are a human being.  You have a definite nature, possessing specific characteristics and capabilities, including a human means of gaining knowledge of the world in which you exist.  This includes seeing by means of looking with one's eyes...and so on for all the senses we possess...and a rational capacity to identify things by their fundamental characteristics and to form concepts in order to hold our knowledge indefinitely.We are not anything but human beings and, thus, have no other means of gaininging knowledge of the world than our human means.So, if you open your eyes and see nature, that's where your knowledge begins.  There is no mental blank until you first choose your starting assumptions.  There are no assumptions that nature, which you see, is nature and that you, somehow, choose to see it onlly in a natural way.Nope. No presumptions whatsoever.  You open your eyes, you see what's there and you begin to mentally organize the evidence provided by your senses into groupings accourding to similarities and differences.You don't start building your knowledge with nature because you chose that as your presumption.  You start building your knowledge with nature, because that is what is there.To go the bizarre and cogintively misguided direction of attributing things that are there to supernatural, meaning unobservable, causes, is what requires an extra action of choosing an assumption, one which veers away from what you observe.  Notice that all arguments for the existence of God or for any version of the supernatural require a very abstract organization of concepts and, upon examination, it turns out that there are NO observations which bear out that presumption, nor do the abstract arguments hold to the tests of logic.So, naturalism is nothing more than human beings gaining knowledge of nature by human means, without a naturalist presumption.  It is supernaturalism which requires the contruction of a presumption in order to selectively bring observables to the task of proving what is not a valid idea nor an observable reality.Notice that this argument against the ""presumption of naturalism"" argument required nothing more than the fact that you exist with a specific nature as a human being, including a specific capacity for gaining knowledge.  If you wish to quarrel with my argument, you must deny those facts about your existence."	AGAINST
159	god	there are only for possible out comes 1.there is no God and You don't believe2.there is a God and you don't believe3.there is no God And you believe4.there is a God and you believewell if #1 is right no harm no fowlif #2 then you end up lost or punished for your non-belief not a very benificial circumstanceif its #3 then you'll live a good life help the world and die with people saying you were a good personif its #4 then you live like #3 but your rewarded after death and are happy which is benificial so after that even if there is no God believing would have the most benifit since you wouldn't have trouble with the laws or drugs or other teachings of your religion you can't get hurt for being spirutual or a religious person except where you are persucuted for your beliefs	FAVOR
160	god	 God exists in the minds of everyone who enters this debate!...;-)	FAVOR
161	god	What did I say? Don't bring religion in. But you did it again. You do have a point though.What you're getting wrong is what religions are INTERPRETING about God's word, not what it is.You are basing everything on Christianity and that is why your posts on this topic is kind of worthless. I'm not here to discuss Christianity's views on God. I'm here to discuss God.who are usually schizos or con-artistsGreat. Really great.	FAVOR
162	god	why is it trying to sell me movies bout god FOR ONLY 11.95!!!!!!!!!!	AGAINST
163	god	You say we are ignorant, but I think it is you. There is no evidence of   god   for us to be ignorant of. On the other hand, there is plenty of evidence that leads us to question his/her/it's existence. You should go to school, read a few books, and start questioning life and your belief system. There's no reason to feel sorry for those of us who's minds are free from the shackles of blind faith and ignorance. 	AGAINST
164	god	There's no proof that a god exists or not. There's no proof that prayer works. Until god, any god, shows him/herself in plain sight, and performs a bonafide miracle, then I will remain an atheist.	AGAINST
165	god	see my reply on the op side...................................................................................:)	FAVOR
166	god	"I just woke up, unable to sleep, thinking about my art. I wondered more about the Christian worldview on art, and so I hopped on the net to research it. Ironically, look where I wound up? This is the very first time I've ever participated in an online forum, but this site, with this question on God's existence struck me, so for the first time everÃ‘I'm jumping in. Go gentle...Have any of you ever really asked God whether He exists, and if He would reveal Himself to you? He will. (And the ways in which He will are numberless.) But it's true, you have to genuinely want to know about Him. For many years, I was an atheist. But God kept putting these ""Christians"" in my path. I constantly wondered about ""Him."" I was a very logical person. In fact, thought I knew a lot in general. Christ is particularly interested in those most of all. And I had all the arguments down pat for his non-existence. But something kept bugging me. You see, God was ""calling"" me. He doesn't ""call"" on everyone, but any of you that think about this discussion seriously and have ever wonderedÃ‘consider yourself ""called""... I did my research (being the ""logical"" person I was), and in the process He revealed Himself to meÃ‘which coincided with my research. Here was ""THE truth"" I'd always hungered for. Turns out He did exist. And it's the wises thing I ever did or will ever do.The ""science"" thing: Here's what I contend: Do you really think an explosion of rocks created sapphires, the Caribbean Sea, Edgar Allen Poe, the cockatoo, the catfish, Lucille Ball, an apple tree, the dolphin, the giraffe, tulips, the marshlands, Degas, olives, Michael Jordan, the stars in the sky, and you? Nah. Not without something far superior touching it (and with purpose!). That is far more fantastical to believe than the Bible, any day of the week.The ""evidence?"" Look around you. It's everywhere, every day.And bottom line. As C.S. Lewis so brilliantly put it: Whether you believe in Him or not won't change the fact of His existence.Just think about itÃ‘keep your eyes and heart and ears open. Peace."	FAVOR
167	god	Perhaps believing just for the benefits is a sin all on it's own. Should then, you be rewarded for your faith? The key to the kingdom of heaven cannot be obtained should it be coveted.	AGAINST
168	god	We can't fully place our faith in science, because it is continually changing. The theory's and truth's of 100 years ago are not always considered truth 100 years into the future. I think it is questionable to fully rely on the thoughts and beliefs of man for we have not obtained full knowledge and will never obtain full knowledge of all things. There will always be unexplained matters in our existence. It's almost like we are lost on a weird country road, but do not want to stop and ask for directions because we want to do it ourselves. Although we may never find it and it would be a more pleasant experience if we stopped and asked for directions, we want to see it with our own eyes, so we never stop thinking we might be heading in a totally wrong direction. 	FAVOR
169	god	"Nope, You can't use an arguement I had not yet posted as the reasons for your previous arguement.I understand you don't believe that Jesus is great.I want to know what about that is illogical though.Do you see the difference?You can not believe something that is logical, understand?I can not believe the sky is blue if I want. That doesn't mean the sky being blue is ""illogical.""So, let's have a logic debate instead of a feeling debate. I want to know what about ""Jesus is great, but not god,"" is ""illogical.""That, or admit it's logical, and you just don't believe it..."	AGAINST
170	god	God is omnipotent, omnibenevolent, etc. etc.God has as infinite characteristics but ultimately he loves us all and only wants the best for mankind.^ Tried to make that as short as possible.	FAVOR
171	god	You take things really extreme. I'm one of those that is not trying to force schools to pray not at all. I just get upset when it's completely away from it and someone tells. It reminds me of the movie 1984. As far as the Texas thing I familiar with that being a part of the bible belt no one objected it was only one person who complained and affected the rights of hundreds that preferred to pray. Overwhelmingly the community was upset what happened to democracy even in religion where the wants and needs of the many out ways the needs of the few. Right now it's going the other way where the few are outweighing the many I guess that's what makes great news. Media loves feuds.	FAVOR
172	god	Athiest man is not profound wisdom. To say to a person that there is the here and now.. it needs not be said. To see if you are humble and honest, and wise. those are substantial. Those elements are profound. How they would not exist without the greater essence. that is profound. blessed are those who believed and did not see. 	FAVOR
173	god	Totally agree. This happens WAY too much and I think that there is a way that someday will allow the two to go hand in hand. Plus, as a Catholic, I DO believe in God	FAVOR
174	god	Ã’Give not that which is holy unto the dogs, neither cast ye your pearls before swine, lest they trample them under their feet, and turn again and rend you.Ã“Must, must obey God and get that through my head! Thank you for that reminder.	AGAINST
175	god	If you truly believe that, you are a lost cause to the world. Take some time to reevaluate who and what you are. I don't care if you have a faith or not, but when you help someone, it should be because it's the right thing to do, not because the magic sky daddy will punish you if you don't do the right thing.If living for yourself is so easy, then do it. Prove to the world that without a god you have no moral fiber. Prove that you're just a sheep, and that's all you have the potential to ever be. And when they forge into the future, they will condemn your name, and the names everyone like you.Perhaps there is no god, but even so, life is a precious gift. If you feel like there's no reason to live it without a god, then you're fucking useless. You have ignored Jesus' message. I wish you luck.	AGAINST
176	god	"Yes, there can be no good without God. With out an author, everything then becomes a matter of personal preference and interpretation. There is no objective standard by which to judge things. You can't ask the maker of the product how it should be used. It means man has no purpose for which he was made and therefore there can be no deviation from a norm.  But worse than that is if there is no life after death, then justice becomes a sham. Those who go on shooting sprees and then take their lives escape justice. Hitler escaped justice and got off. But the worst thing is that our lives become pointless and without meaning or value. If we come from nothing and return to nothing, folks we are nothing. Our lives have no value. Then there is no difference between gassing termites and gassing 6 million Jews. That ought to scare any sane person. Because then you become a commodity for the state to use and consume for it's purposes. There is a correlation between Communism and atheism. For further proof pick up a copy of The Guinness Book of World Records and check out the greatest mass murderers of all time: Atheistic regimes, Stalin, Mao etc etc. There is a reason Russia is experiencing a surge in religion. This question is not a theoretical one for them; they know the answer from first hand experience.I do however think the greater question is why do we have to protect ourselves from ourselves. Take the Ten Commandments, it ought to stagger us that God has to tell us not to murder and steal. Wow!! that ought to be a given. We shouldn't have to be told not to do those things. And then to be threatened with punishment knowing we will do those things. Something is amiss at the very core of who we are. Laws can't help us because as soon as they get in the way of what we want, they get broke. And it's painfully obvious religion can't help either; it just becomes a facade we hide behind to justify our actions. Others simply turn to atheism, they close their eyes, cross their fingers and hope no one is home in the universe and proceed to do what they want, when they want. Others still will try to plead ignorance: "" I really want to do this and If there is a God I'll just tell Him that I didn't know that it was wrong""Folks, we need to be saved from ourselves, we are the problem. And when you are lost in the forest the worst thing you can do is ask yourself for directions."	FAVOR
177	god	People who need a god in order to feel they should follow the laws are literally sick in the mind, and they should be isolated from the rest of the world. They lack real, concrete morals and a decent understanding of the world. We should not feed this behavior, because if they ever snap, they become extremely dangerous.Instead of threatening people with the wrath of god and eternal hellfire, we should explain why love and understanding is important. We should explain to them that we are all in this together, and without empathy and caring(the Russians played out a sick experiment to prove this one), we would die. We should explain that when you help someone, you have helped yourself. We should explain that pain and sweat are necessary to survive.Most importantly though, we should explain that the only part of them that will be left here when they die is what they did, and your actions are a mark on you for eternity, god or no god.Recently, I have begun to believe in a higher power again. I don't know what it is, but I do know this:What Jesus was trying to get people to see was the value of freedom. The power of numbers, the power of helping, the power of love, the power of caring, and why it matters. Most people see Jesus as an icon who was crucified for being 'too awesome' or 'too great'. They killed Jesus because he was trying to teach people what it means to care. I firmly believe that if there is a god, and he is the christian god, that he wants people to act with moral integrity for the love of the world. Not because there's a hell. People tend to get that twisted.Please for everyone, Kindness for Kindness sake, not for heaven or hell. Tread the noble path with noble intent, and you are truly a good person. Tread the noble path because you're afraid of being hurt, and you're a fucking coward.Whew, that's all I have to say about that.	AGAINST
178	god	Why do people continue to bring up Pascal's Wager?Firstly, it completely ignores the fact that there is an infinite set of possibile gods, and therefore the chance of you believing in the right one is infinitesimally small.Secondly, it doesn't explore the possibility that the god that does exist either doesn't want you to believe in him, or punishes people who believed in the wrong god more than he does people who simply didn't believe in any god.Thirdly, it assumes that god is an idiot and can't tell the difference between people who actually believe, and people who are believing just incase.Living by Pascal's Wager is a foolish way to live.	AGAINST
179	god	What does it take to decide what is the greater good. You need a moral agent using logic and reason to asses a current situation and then to judge that against a perceived standard. The only thing in that string of events that is physical and made up of matter is the moral agent, but it's morality,logic, reason, assessment and judgment are not. To put it another way; you can't open it's head and see it's thoughts. They have no projection in space; a characteristic of matter. And don't tell me it's like computer memory because every one knows what happens to your hard-drive when you put to much on it. The last time I checked, no ones head gets bigger the more they know ( well I guess it does in one way) The point is that these are non-physical realities. And no they're not the product of chemical reactions, you can mix water and baking soda all day and the bubbles will never talk to you.Point is this; If atheism is true than we have a whole lot of stuff that shouldn't be here. A lot of non-physical realities in a purely physical world. A lot of stuff that atheism can't account for. Well, they can if they use those non-physical realities to prove that those non-physical don't exist. Oh whoops, darn it that's a self refuting argument.	FAVOR
180	god	are we forget ? who is the Creator us in the world? is it a human? is it a president? or is it a priest? we are burned in to the world because of god hand,, the god have been giving us mercy and blessing so we can enjoy in this world with many complete body,,every day,,every time,, the god was giving us existence so we can take a walk with our girlfriend or our boyfriend go to the mall,, hangout,, eating,, swimming,,joking,, and other event,, ARE YOU DO NOT REALIZE ? the god was giving us two hand so we can use it for doing something such as eating,,foot ball,, play a game,, giving thing to pauper and other good action,, ARE YOU STILL DO NOT REALIZE ?	FAVOR
181	god	"I've indulged this debate for over two decades and its essence boils down to this - We need not debate the existence of a ""god"". The true debate is whether or not those who claim the existence of such have sufficient evidence and reason to support their claims.Do claimants of the existence of a ""god"" have sufficient evidence and argument to support what they claim?That's the more relevant question.I cannot reject a ""god"" whose existence has never been conclusively proven and accepted. What I reject is the weak or absent evidence and the poorly reasoned arguments for such."	AGAINST
182	god	"I suspect there is a ""God"" or a first cause we have named God. However, human explanations that come in dogmatic presentations from organized religions can never be proven nor dis proven. As the above article states, ""GOD creates everything, there is no way that the created being can think about the CREATOR."" Yet we have a Bible, a Koran, and countless others all claiming to be the revealed word of God....can they all be correct? When humans do find out which explanation is the real and true one let us all hope it is similar to the Janis explanation, since they seem to have the more benevolent view of this entity we have named God."	FAVOR
183	god	1. These prophets MAY just be intelligent people as you said. But they have ALL claimed to be related to God in some way. If they ARE followers of God, then great. If they're NOT, then why have they 'used' God? THAT was my original argument.. the reasons for having God. (I've been completely sidetracked).2. The reason I do not want to bring in religion is for the reasons you've stated. There are several different religions all doing different things and as soon as we start discussing God's word as interpretted by these religions, we'll be arguing about religions and not God.The mother does not explain to the child because the child will not understand, it will just continue to cry and beg. In the same way we do not understand God's word, but in both circumstances the child and us people will benefit if we follow God's/mother.we know that we shouldnt kill because it is common senseSomeone rapes a child.. should he be killed?You go to war, should you kill?You loose your temper, should you kill?Someone is trying to kill you, should you kill?You've had enough of life, should you kill yourself?You're in a vegetative state, should you be killed?God will tell us the right answer no matter what. However people have different opinions on those questions and both will argue their side. Who's right and who's wrong. Nobody on earth truly knows the impact of the decision they've made. This goes to your education point too. You're telling me all the finest, most educated people on the planet make the choices? in terms of ethics, religion etc?	FAVOR
184	god	"""Science does not busy itself with disproving *anything*.""Well, since God, by nature, would be and certainly is outside of the laws of physics, he would be difficult to disprove.  But to your point, your non-interest in attempting to disprove God, is no evidence He doesn't exist.  I would rather point out that your inability to prove the origin of life, the origin or very nature of the universe, the irrational behavior of forces in the universe that lead us to flip-flop on our publicly held opinions regarding ""the beginning""- these at least leave a door open to the possibility that someone else is in charge.  For those of us who have personal proof- that is enough for us.  For those of you who are unable to come up with other rational answers, I recommend you at least open up your mind to the possibility that man's foolishness is the wisdom of God."	FAVOR
185	god	Because the realm of science is slowly consuming the realm of religion. It wasn't so long ago that religion was used to explain how the Sun moved through the sky, and where sickness came from. And now we have physics, biology, and a host of other bodies of knowledge.It's reasonable to assume that this trend will continue. Therefore, it's also reasonable to wonder what remaining areas of religion will be replaced by science.	AGAINST
186	god	It is true that there is no hard core evidence that God exits, but there is no proof that he doesnÃ•t exist. Can anyone who doesnÃ•t believe in God provide hard core evidence that contradicts God existence? Not theories, stories, or assumptions, but evidence.Just because we are incapable of proving God exists does not mean he doesnÃ•t. Once people were incapable of proving that the world was round so did that make it flat? There is also archeology that coincides with the bible. Also the reason most Christians donÃ•t need evidence is because we have FAITH. Those who believe that God doesnÃ•t exist have just as much FAITH in the matter, because there is no hard core evidence that proves the belief that God doesnÃ•t exist.	FAVOR
187	god	 This depends on who believes in god, all i'm saying is that a statement like this one would technically require proof if there is a god how would you know? And say for example you had an encounter with him, would anybody else know? I am a christian but i don't like the way this statement has been shown i couldn't be more proud of my belief in god however the same comments are gonna be used because there's no PROOF.	FAVOR
188	god	 He is not because if he was, WoW would not have a shaman or Paladi class. Aso whe you do the soulja boy you only get a pickel.	FAVOR
189	god	We're just going round in circles. Firslty, I don't believe in Christianity. However as I've said SEVERAL times that people ARE good in GENERAL. So if YOU think that I think that we NEED GOD to be w/e.. then again you have completely missed what I've said. Not just once, or twice, but now 3 times. (That's quite a lot of times ehh)People ARE good. But explain to me what being good is? Is murder good? In certain circumstances is it justified? Or is it never justified? I feed my kids because I love my kids, not because God tells me to. Even if he did not tell me to, I would still feed them. It's the right thing to do.One example. Adultery. You tell me is it right or wrong? Those who have thought of or have actually cheated will say its right, but those who haven't will say its wrong. Can we make a decision on whether or not it should be punishable? In the end, God says its wrong. I think He has a better idea of whether or not its right or wrong. THAT is why we take his word, because we cannot make the right decision.Hopefully you understand this time. Fourth time lucky. Yay........	FAVOR
190	god	"""I have a scientific bachelor's degree and I know that scientists do ""make stuff up"" = ""postulate"". It's the first step in the process.""They only make anything up because of observations in reality that need explanation. Then they test the explanation via scientific observations or experiments. Religion does not do this next step. Within religion, they say, ""This suits me to believe, therefore I will follow it."" Science does not allow for such wishful thinking."	AGAINST
191	god	You argue, as do many theists, that human ignorance about the development of life, the nature of life, or any other aspect of reality, constitutes proof that a god must to explain that which is otherwise unexplained.  This is the worst and most desperate kind of argument.  Just because something is unexplained does NOT mean that it is inexplicable.  It only means that it is NOT YET explained.  Human intellectual history is nothing if not a consistent set of evidence that, given time, ANYTHING is explicable by the power of the rational human mind.  Remember, the sun, moon, and the Nile river used to be considered gods because no other explanation was evident.  Those gods DIED when science explained them.  So it will be with the Judeo-Christian-Muslim god, as well as all others, when the light of human intellect exposes the shadows that your religions require in order to thrive.  For 5000 years the human mind has been narrowing the realm in which your gods can exist.  And every day that realm gets smaller.  Stop fighting it. Reject fear as the basis for fundamental beliefs, and join us to promote the light of reason and the grandeur of humanity.  	AGAINST
192	god	No, I don't. I can ramble on about why but I'm not going to.	AGAINST
193	god	Naaah... this downward spiral has nothing to do with religion imo. It's through what I've seen, done, heard of etc. that I believe this, whether religion was there or not. I think religion plays a big factor in it, but it's not a religious thing for me.Science has no morals. Moral is based on judgment, opinion etc. It's not a religious thing either, but right and wrong is not science. Science is simply an explanation of things.You commit suicideScience says you are dead. Morals say it's wrong (or in certain culture it's right).Science can't judge whether dying is good or bad. It can only state what happens. Morals are judgments.It's kind of silly to say religious people do not base their morality on evidence..lol. You hear them all the time arguing, debating continuously using evidence to prove their righteousness. Both sides rely on evidence... and if you think otherwise, you're deluding yourself.	FAVOR
194	god	Each must search this answer on their own.  That is the nature of faith, and the evidence of the truth that is given to seekers.  I wish with all my heart that I could give you my faith- but each must find that on their own.  Many can testify of the existence of God.  But I understand your questions about the variety of belief systems and the confusion over whether or not God can be known.  I have to say that personally (I believed at one time that there was truth in all religions), I never knew God until I got saved and met Jesus Christ.  I knew He existed- I just didn't know Him.  In your search, you might find it helpful to ask those of the various religions you know about their relationship with God, and ask them to describe how well they know God.  I believe you will find that your Christian friends have deep and personal interactions with their creator, while others follow human leaders and a bunch of rules in the hopes of someday coming close to God.  God bless you 	FAVOR
195	god	it is worth it... god gives you hope of everlasting life and you don't just rot in the ground nothing after you know all that jazz you say there is a thing called resurection people!	FAVOR
196	god	Which is primary? Consciousness or Existence? I submit that consciousness without existence is a contradiction. Without existence, what is there to be conscious of?	AGAINST
197	god	You seem to miss the question at hand. The question is not can you or do you have morality, I agree you do and can. I also believe you can come up with all kinds of reasons for it; which you clearly prove you can. The problem is that all the devices you use do it; reason, logic, your mind, thought, reflection, moral assessments etc. and the morality, ethics, rules etc you come up with are not characteristics of matter nor are they physical in nature.  The Atheistic worldview is purely naturalistic by definition and asserts that matter is all there is. It therefore can't, by definition, have non-materlistic things in it, like logic, reason, morality, ethics etc. So your use of such things disproves your assertion and confirms mine.So then the grounding question becomes critical. To form a correct view of the world one must have an adequate explanation for the things he finds in it. Otherwise your view will be inadequate and quite possibly incorrect. So I assert that your worldview is woefully inadequate to explain all of reality. And is therefore faulty because it's scope is to narrow and explanation far to simplistic.I've included a link to another book for your consideration. And again You'll have to adequately over come the arguments that are made in this book to change my mind.	FAVOR
198	god	If you down voted this argument it would be more credible if you gave a reason why.	FAVOR
199	god	I never said science is the definitive measure...it is one of many humanity possesses, perhaps being the least among these. However it would really move our knowledge of the Divine forward if we could get some tangible proof of His existence. My point is that it is logically impossible to ever do so.	FAVOR
200	god	"       jdefriez, your premise that "" many religions believe that God rules by natural laws that transcend Him,"" reflects the fact that your religion, where He makes those laws, reflects in turn your petitio that He does overcome them. So He cannot overrule  the law of the coservation of mass-energy  that reflects eternal Existence.    "	FAVOR
201	god	I think, even if God doesnt exist, which im not saying he does...I believe 100% He does, but even if he didn't the mere thought of his existance has made many people morally better, and just happier and nicer.	FAVOR
202	god	 God is real	FAVOR
203	god	 I believe God exists... Because...  /   /> I want something to hope for other than being a machine suggested by evolution.  />   /> Prophecies from the Bible are ever so being fulfilled. Like Israel returning as a nation (remember the Walk in WWII?[and hebrew as the only language to have fully died off and revive)   />   /> Because I have had way too many complications with the varied evolutionary theories. (I used to be an atheist goth, mind you)  />   /> And btw a trend of the age is new age or matrixism because its 'cool'.  />   /> (I hope i put a few good respectable reasons)	FAVOR
204	god	"I never doubt that there is no tooth fairy.I never doubt that there is ground beneath my feet.Similarly, I never doubt that this hugely imaginative ""  god  "" thing is an outright fabrication.Doubt doesn't happen in situations where the right answer is so blindingly obvious that the only way around the truth is imaginative fabrication."	AGAINST
205	god	Reason. Common sense. Scientific insight. Things like this enable me to pick out the pure myths. Then there are stories that I don't know if they are real or not, but these are typically just historical contexts that I can't prove wrong or right.	FAVOR
206	god	You're right. Some of the time. Demagoguery is use for ones own benefit. However do you agree that if it was for the benefit of mankind then it is for the greater good? Forget history, religious sects etc. If demagoguery DID benefit mankind, then it would be for the greater good? Your argument is that it is used for the benefit of the demagogue. Fairplay, this can go on forever but again you're basing it, not on God, but on people. If people did it for mankinds good.... then you would say its for the greater good, but if people did it for mankinds bad, then its not for the greater good. Amirite?...	FAVOR
207	god	Why is that answer clear?  Seems to raise more questions than answer them.  	FAVOR
208	god	If you gain, you gain all. If you lose, you lose nothing. Wager then, without hesitation, that He exists.--Blaise Pascaland to be honest it seems it would take just as much faith to believe that there is no God, that when we die were done and gone, as it does to believe in one. The reason why people have always come up with different religions and theories is yes, to search out an explanation of the universe and its contents. But, instead of seeing this as a pathetic foolishness that you seem to, it appears to me that it is the amazing inborn reactions humans have to discover where they have come from, where they go to, and why they are here. Perhaps we feel we have to find answers to these questions because somewhere we know that there's more to this life.	FAVOR
209	god	Saying that   science   disproves   god   is an asinine statement. What has science proven that the earth revolves around the sun and that all living things are made of atoms and such. religion has never claimed to have the answers of why things are the way they are. Holy scriptures are written by man and they transform it as they see fit. But this is not definite proof that there is no god. science can only prove what is seen. There are many things going on in the universe that are unseen look at black holes we know they are there but we can only speculate on how they function. As far as science has gone it is really only within the scope of our corner of our galaxy. Which is a tiny fraction of the whole universe. We see things on such a small scale that most of the things we have proven may not conform to the rest of the universe. We don't even know what is at the very bottom of our own oceans how can we claim that we know if there is a divine being or not. There is no proof on either side just because there is a god does not disprove science and vice-versa. As speculated(and i mean a theory that is currently trying to be proven) the universe is moving apart. Scientist have known this for a long time the universe is expanding right now but they assumed that one day that the universe would collapse in on itself. Scientists now believe that the universe is expanding and will continuing expanding for eternity since gravity loses its strength the farther objects get from each other(duh). So this puts a big question on the big bang theory. Scientists believed that the mass that existed before the big bang was from the universe before and that it collapsed in on itself. And since our universe seems doomed to expand forever it seems that this first explanation will not fit the mold. So what was before that mass that the big bang strewn out. We may never know. But saying that there is a scientific explanation and only a scientific explanation. Is like saying that since there is life on earth that it came from a meteor( i'm not sure this is a good analogy but i couldn't think of a better one). We know so little about the world around us that it is stupid to say that on the little information we have that there is definite proof that god doesn't exist	FAVOR
210	god	 God so exist who wouldnt believe why do people in atchletics  have a biblke of course he exisits	FAVOR
211	god	Doing all of those things makes you Hitler-like	FAVOR
212	god	"""I am a bit disappointed in the human race. The human race as a whole has tried for centuries to X out God and any religious ideas and characteristics. I am rather embarrased of the ignorance of men. Anyways, this has to be the most silly question in history-if you're educated and have any sense of moral sense you would agree. If the world wasn't created by the Supreme Being (GOD), than how else would it have gotten here. If any one person (or organization) expect me to ever believe that Earth one day just decided to appear in space and isolate the water from land and create it's own self a moon and set the sun impeccably in it's place and everything revolve and correlate in it's proper manner every morning-day-season-year etc""I really do not know where to start. This line ""if you're educated"" is later followed by an admittance of a complete lack of knowledge about the formation of Earth and the moon. I mean seriously, you could TiVo National Geographic for a week and have a basic understanding of all the ""scientific mysteries"" you mentioned. You call people who disagree ignorant when it is you who choose to subjectively ignore information and evidence. Information and evidence observed by man, not created by him.Riddle me this. It's is a known fact that the distance between the Earth and moon is increasing by 3.8 meters a century. Eventually it will leave Earths orbit but the effects will be felt long before that. If our solar system was created by God why would he put an expiration date on it? Our Sun isn't going to last forever either mind you.Another thing that has always bothered me is why is there so much else out there? Why would a God create so much noise in the universe when we are his main concern? In the old ideas the Earth was the center. If everything did revolve around us and we were the center of the universe (as was the idea when religions formed) then a Creator would seem like the obvious answer."	AGAINST
213	god	 When I was a child I believed, because I followed after my parents' example.  When I grew up and began asking questions...I began to realize there are no answers...at least no sufficient answers.  I certainly do not disrespect anybody who does believe; that is their privilege just as it is mine not to believe.    />   /> My biggest problem believing in an all loving, all knowing god whom supposedly created us in his own image, is that he allows such evil, sickness, wars, etc to go on.  That if he is all knowing, then why did he give us free will because he had to know we'd screw that up.  And how did the earth populate so well from Noah and the humans he had with him on the ark?  Things don't add up...The bible is far to vague and can be interrupted by many angels...clever men, who wrote the bible...and yes, it was written by men...and a rather successful book...top seller..made god a lot of money...or made and makes somebody a lot of money.  I wonder if god has the copyright on it????  />   /> I figured I'd just go ahead and jump in the deep end with one of my first debates...Am looking for a friend who suggested this site...and I know I will find him here...hopefully he will read this and make himself known to me...BS you around here somewhere?	AGAINST
214	god	This is a close one, but I'd have to say no.	AGAINST
215	god	YES!! why are we always losing these things. i have aswered the debate topic. yes. i have just reaffirmed my position	FAVOR
216	god	what absurdity is this then you want to say that a person will escape hell if he believes in god..............................then i think so all the terrorists and wrongdoers will escape HELLIn my opinion our conscious is the HELL, if you do wrong it will hurt you..... it is not going to see if u believe in GOD or NOT	AGAINST
217	god	There is no evidence to show God does exist so, as for now God does not exist.	AGAINST
218	god	Without question God is in favor of men who love him. Christians give more money to charities to than all others combined. Greater is He who is in me than he who is in the world. John 4 4: Our founding fathers built this nation based on God, whether people want to accept it or not it's all over the and written into the constitution for people that don't agree with the doctrine than move to another country where there Constitution fits your beliefs more. It's not just by coincidence that we have become the most powerful nation on every level in the shortest amount of time in history. However the further we as a nation get further away from God the more kaos and trouble we will face as a nation, and that is happening now.	FAVOR
219	god	only moves the question - bible just says god did it, and when asked where god came from - umm - he's always been there. yeah, thats it	AGAINST
220	god	I think so. It is always good to have someone we call God in our life. 'Refrains you from all those stupid things, that in the end you know, it wont bring any good in your life. It is also better to live the life He leads. We all are entitled to have our own beliefs and nasty things, that's one of his gifts for us Free will and I have also tried all those things that are considered evil and useless. But eventually I get tired of it. It is not worth it really. So I bring back my faith and start believing in God again. Believing in Him makes me a better person. Or that is just I want to believe. But really, I never have experience before this contentment I'm feeling now and I want to believe that it is because of my faith and belief of Him.	FAVOR
221	god	"Ive tried to talk to ""god,"" and he fails to make himself real to me in much the same way he fails to make himself real to the 4000 Africans who starve to death every day. When ""god"" shows to me that he can feed those starving people, or fix the economy, or do something that has a real impact besides making me feel better for a little bit, I'll start believing. Until then ""god"" can't do anymore for me than heroin can. I can feel euphoria for half an hour, but at the end of the day nothing has changed."	AGAINST
222	god	"This post is the DEFINITION of circular ""logic"". It is completely foolish on the face of it!"	AGAINST
223	god	Maybe some of the praise for your recovery should be reserved for the medical team who were there to help you through it. People generally seem to account all of the good things that happen to them as being attributable to God and discount all of the bad things. It's a ridiculous notion. It's a textbook case of specious reasoning. Why do you curry favour with God more than a child left to die in Africa.  Why doesn't he step in to help them? Quite simple really. He doesn't exist.	AGAINST
224	god	Yes because it helps you accept your life (it's God's will. He has a better plan for your life than you. Have faith in him.) If you accept your life, you wont be all pissed off and your heart would be better off because of that and you should thus live longer.	FAVOR
225	god	"Yes, natural selection is a (scientific) theory about a mechanism of evolution (a fact), for which there is overwhelming evidence, and intelligent design is just an invented explanation, for which there is no evidence.  Don't waste my time by (poorly) quoting the bible as evidence.  First of all you'd need to prove that god exists and that the bible is more than a poorly edited collection of inconsistent works of fiction.  Once you have done that, then you can come back and we can discuss whether god works through evolution or whether god is a deceiver (as Philip Henry Gosse in his book ""Omphalos"" published in 1857 2 years before the Origin seemed to believe) and created an earth 6000 years old to look 4.5 billion years old.  The bible is wildly inaccurate with regard to science, besides stating that pi equals exactly 3, and that the earth's rotation can be just stopped for a day so Joshua can just commit another of his acts of divine sanctioned genocide.  I won't even try to correct your use of the word ""accident""; it's obvious you don't have the slightest understanding of evolution."	AGAINST
226	god	What if He (the First Cause, as you put it) anthropomorphized himself for us?  So we could understand him?	FAVOR
227	god	I understand it's difficult to see who the true god is. It all involves faith. I have faith that I worship the right God. It's not as if ALL non-believers will go straight to hell. I feel, however, that God is a universal entity that causes us to want to do good. No matter what religion you practice, God (or gods) is there to make us all act moral. I believe that if somebody lives a good moral life, he can be rewarded in Heaven. However, I learned that Heaven has different levels, as does Hell. I would think that believing in God would enable passage into a level closer to God in Heaven.	FAVOR
228	god	1) which god?2) how is it worth it if you worship the wrong god?	AGAINST
229	god	Yes, that is what I label myself. I am a fairly devout Christian (Episcopalian) that attends church regularly and prays often. However, I cannot, and nobody can, say with 100% certainty that there does exist a God/Gods, thus I do have what you would call a little bit of doubt as well. We all do, we're being dishonest with ourselves if we say we don't. Here's what I DO NOT believe: earth is 6,000 years old. I don't see how ANYONE can believe that nonsense. The watchmaker argument. Pretty much anything put out by CSE and that tax-evading conman Kent Hovind is to be disregarded as utter bogus. 	AGAINST
230	god	"That's a valid point about the Abrahamic faiths, and again perhaps Confucianism, being comparitively ""aggressive."" I'd have to take a closer look at other monotheistic religions in antiquity (the cults of Mithras and Akhennaton were both big ones) to make a determination about whether moral absolutism seems to be a facet of monotheism generally or just of Judaism-Christianity-Islam.I am not certain if I am saying that Eastern and other faiths are based more on ""philosophy,"" just that their ethical structures are not necessarily a black-and-white list of ""thou shalt not""s. They are frequently presented more as broad precepts to be applied situationally rather than as hard-as-fast rules about certain proscribed behaviors."	FAVOR
231	god	"""Is there a God?"" is a metaphysical question that asks about the nature of reality.  To paraphrase: ""Does a God exist as part of reality?"" This is the WRONG question to be asking.  We should be asking ""Is there any reason to believe in God?"".  This is an epistemological question that relates to MAN'S KNOWLEDGE concerning the nature of reality.  I am open to the existence of a God, but only if I am presented with objective evidence that one exists; evidence that cannot be explained more plausibly by another hypothesis.  This view is common sense.  Arbitrary assertions are not true until proven false, they are false until proven true.  This is as true about the assertion ""God exists"" as it about the assertion ""invisible elephants live on Mars"".  The burden lies with those making the positive claim to prove it.  Hence, theists must prove God exists, and until they do, I have no reason to believe in one.  Of course, since faith is belief WITHOUT evidence, I'm not even sure why theists WANT to prove that God exists.  Proof would destroy faith.  Evidence would turn faith into science, and would reduce God to an analyzable PART of the natural world, demoting him from his position as the  supernatural Creator.  "	AGAINST
232	god	What are you saying? Many old stories state that a big flood happened at some point, therefore everything the Bible says is true, and therefore God exists? Can you not see the giant, gaping holes in that logic?	AGAINST
233	god	But the Bible says that's okay! The logic is flawless.	AGAINST
234	god	"For FAITH to exist GOD must exist...The human heart, as we all know, is despirately wicked & totally without a means of control, outside of fear from law & retribution from the law...Mankind would not make up an outside influence to dominate the human mind..FAITH brought to fruition ,yields un-human capabillities & anyone who is truthfull in the matter can see by this evidence, (that man would not go against himself to his own demise or subjection),in essence self-representation & self-preservation..True ""faith"" comes only from GOD by way of a change in a man's heart because of an outside force acting on that heart, heart being a person's inner makeup that has to manifest outwardly,that change..FAITH in GOD is the very evidence that GOD exists..IT goes against ALL human nature & behavior to submit to a higher authority..GOD is love,not a man-made mind control option, LOVE, being HIS character shown to mankind in CHRIST's manifestation..IT is this IMAGE from which mankind originally fell ..WE were created in GOD's IMAGE..NOT physically but in HIS CHARACTER image..Since the fall we must be restored to that IMAGE as this is neccessary for GOD to remain GOD..SATAN is trying his best to defeat GOD in this purpose in-order to discredit GOD in HIS eternal realm..YOU are either helping SATAN or helping GOD in this eternal struggle...Though GOD does not need your help, HE has appointed a purpose & portion for those who receive HIM & want to accept HIS IMAGE, ""LOVE""..The anti-christ will force anyone else to worship his image,""SELF"" in that day of decission..There will be NO escape from CHOICE that day & ALL fates will be sealed for eternity...IT is purposed that EVERY knee shall bow & EVERY tongue confess that CHRIST is LORD over ALL, through eternity..After all he created it all..."	FAVOR
235	god	There are many gods of this world.But one true GOD Yahweh!Jehovh GOD!	FAVOR
236	god	 All the religious fanatics in the world cannot show you one piece of tangible proof of their belief. However evolution has been proven. Not that humans evolved from monkeys but the fact that the evolutionary process is real. They offer their bible as proof, but humans wrote that. A good piece of fiction but dry and hard to fallow. Everyone, have a nice day!	AGAINST
237	god	"Why do you find it easier to believe in a supernatural creator, than creation as a natural process ?If God made the universe, what did he make it out of ?You cannot prove a negative.  I can tell you that there is a tea cup in orbit around Alpha Centauri 4.3 light years away, and the ask you to prove me wrong.  You cannot.  However I would say that it is extremely unlikely.If there is an intelligent designer he was not very bright. Blind spots in eyes, flesh eating bacteria, parasitic wasps, nice fella.Whilst I cannot say ""there is no God"" I can say that the evidence, at this time, shows it to be extremely unlikely."	AGAINST
238	god	Yes I believe in God. I also believe in religion because I'm Irish/Italian and I was raised Catholic because there was no other choice for me....but yes, I believe there is a God.	FAVOR
239	god	No, for real, we've got a pretty decent handle on the brain.Check it:  (explained using small words)  (explained using big words)	AGAINST
240	god	I'll put it this way, Life to exist without a deity of some sort (I personally belive it is my Father in Heaven but I'll debate that some other time) is near impossible, for example, a species is now defined as a group of organisms that can succesfully breed and create fertile offspring in the wild, so if, let's say, a homo habilis once did evolve from a homo erectus, the chances of just one evolving is near zero, but since species cannot breed out of species then how would humans evolve and populate the earth?	FAVOR
241	god	While religion attacks science, science must defend itself. We saw life without learning in the middle ages. Bad, weren't they? Therefore, trying to hide fact because a book, supposedly written by a god that has not been proven, is an attack on learning and science. Why should we go simply with what the bible says? That is why people bring science and religion into comparison, because as one disproves parts of the other, the other sticks to its dogma and tries to ban science. That is wrong.	AGAINST
242	god	"That's sounds nice; but why should I? It's a whole lot easier to live for myself. Besides who cares if things get better or not? If there is no God what difference does it make; everything just becomes an exercise in futility. We have no purpose or meaning apart from God. Without God what then is the moral imperative? What then is the ""ought"" to. Why should we care? Without God we are all headed for nothing. You should take some time to walk through a cemetery and if you get a chance to see a fresh dug grave, stare at it for a while because that my friend is your destiny."	FAVOR
243	god	dumbo alert. I don't know who's thicker you or misterguy.I guess only time will tell.	FAVOR
244	god	"You said, ""we would need ample evidence that the laws of physics have been broken or at least horribly misunderstood.  However, we have none.""  The so called definitions of the laws of physics as man understands them are researched and refined every day at universities all over the world.  People are still receiving PhDs and grants, so yes, there is ample proof that our understanding of physics is still being refined.  Every single day."	FAVOR
245	god	You're forgetting that humanity means nothing. We have observed 3000 galaxies, and that's only what we've seen. You're telling me that out of an estimated 500 billion galaxies, not to mention the possibility of there being more than one universe, that the chemical / physical reactions couldn't at least create another planet with life?Remember that we're not even breaching the realms of other life, such as non-carbon based lifeforms- or for that matter, OTHER DIMENSIONS.Think your statement over again.	FAVOR
246	god	People that don't believe in GOD have no structure in their lives.That is the people that is always complianing and being miserable.They have nothing to live for.Just remember the world is temporily.	FAVOR
247	god	been there done that - it is an entertaining read to see what people are willing to believe with sufficient unknowns.for those who haven't gone back and read again with fresh eyes - here's a good example of of the fun you can have:The serpent told the truth!!re-read the garden of eden fable and you will see that: God told Adam that the day he eats the fruit of that tree he will die the serpent (who at that time had feet) said No you won't die, you will learn the difference between good and evil eve and adam ate the apple THEY DID NOT DIE! Adam lived 930 more years* they learned the difference between good and evil - just like the serpent said (and like the name of the tree would suggest)Moral of the story: God lied! the serpent told the truth!to cut it of at the pass for those who say that after eating the apple they became destined to die, keep reading - there was also a tree of life in the garden (the reason they were kicked out) which would not be necessary if they were going to live forever from the beginning.	AGAINST
248	god	yes it is. even if you think we came from different origins,why should we tempt it? and besides, you get to go to heaven if god is real. (provided you were faithful) what do you get with atheism or evolution? you rot in the ground. fun. whats the point in living if you wont get any perks after?	FAVOR
249	god	"You compare God to Santa Claus and the Tooth Fairy. Do you think they might exist, too? Somehow I doubt it.You're right that not having experienced something does not prove that the thing doesn't exist. However, it means there had better be a pretty good reason for assuming that it does. If I told you that the air around us was full of tiny invisible fairies that are undetectable in any way, would you say, ""Yeah, maybe""? I hope you'd say, ""Get real, that doesn't make any sense."" But my positing of invisible fairies is just as arbitrary as positing the existence of God, or Santa Claus, or the Tooth Fairy. It might make me happy to believe in the fairies. I might even have some complex belief system about them that causes me to be a nicer person. That doesn't make the fairies real.Whether or not there is a God is just as much an issue as whether or not there are invisible fairies around us all the time. If there's no good reason to think something exists, we should default to ""no,"" at least for the time being. I don't claim to have proof that there is no God. I just think it's an arbitrary concept to make up, and I think the burden of proof lies with the person making the outlandish claim."	AGAINST
250	god	 There is evidence were we came from,but if god created everything were did he come from?	AGAINST
251	god	"""You are just substituting the existence of Universe with existence of (a) god(s). The current scientific view of the beginning of the current Universe is a 'big bang'. This is a ""singularity"", ie we do not yet know anything on the ""other side"" of the big bang.""""Substituting with (a) god(s) only points us to question what is the beginning of god. If god is without beginning and without end, why can't we also think of the current without beginning and end - BTW, to all practical purposes, the beginning of the Universe has no implication to our current living.""Could not the converse of that statement be true in regards to you (that you are substituting God with the universe).  Invoking God isn't the slightest bit circular, and it doesn't mean that God must require a cause.  The law of casualty states that every effect (contingent being) has a cause.  God is not an effect, nor is God a contingent being.  The universe, on the other hand, is composed of matter, and the chief characteristic of matter is mutability (it can be changed).  So therefore, the universe is contingent and requires a cause.  God on the other hand, is an immaterial being who is comprised of no parts.  As such, He is irreducibly simple, and thus does not require a cause.  You can't just simply plug in the ""Who made X"" objection to everything there is. Your capitalization of the word ""universe"" strikes me as odd.  It's ironic in the sense that you're essentially deifying the universe, which is nothing but an impersonal, arational, and amoral reality.So in summary, God does not require a cause because God is not comprised of physical parts (divine simplicity), while the universe does because it manifests contingency (being made out of matter, which is mutable)."	FAVOR
252	god	see Miller Urey and the many other experiments that deal with origins of life from inorganic material to organic material (amino acids, etc)	FAVOR
253	god	Hitler tried to make facts by repeating them enough times. Don't fall for this weakness in the human condition.  Natural selection is not Evolution.  Intelligent design is simply a phrase made up by men, it isn't in the Bible.  However, the Bible does tell us to observe all that God has made.  Do that, then decide for yourself if it is an accident.	FAVOR
254	god	"I'll pass on the book, but thank you. I read his bio though and it was interesting. I find the deist point of view more rational than the majority of theist thoughts.The problem is that all the devices you use do it; reason, logic, your mind, thought, reflection, moral assessments etc. and the morality, ethics, rules etc you come up with are not characteristics of matter nor are they physical in nature. Okay, this is like St. Anselm's Ontological theory. It was supposed to basically be a one page strictly cerebral proof of the existence of some god. It takes a similar premise which I think is provable, that humans are incapable of creation. Every idea we have comes from something we observe; and you can try if you like, it's kind of fun, attempt to imagine something new, a new fantastic creature perhaps, you'll find no matter how crazy an idea you come up with, it can be traced to things observed piece by piece. Everything is an exaggeration, or a combination of things etc, but it's all traceable to the real world.He took this basic fact of the human mind, and put forth the idea that man long ago came up with this idea of something ""greater than which nothing else can exist."" Since this is an ephemeral thought, and in itself it would seem to be untraceable, man must on some level have experience of it. Therefore, ""something than which nothing else can exist"" must be real. And this we call god, and then of course there's a million definitions and theories about this being, but at the center it must be based on some unknowable truth.He studied philosophical works, especially Socrates and Plato of course, and very much seemed to be influenced by the very persuasive argument that we exist with all knowledge in some form before birth, and at birth, we somehow forget, and learning is simply memory. It seems to be the same kind of thought process.Which is interesting.But my reply is simply. 1. in response to St. Anselm, we cannot really imagine ""something than which nothing greater can exist"" we simply exaggerate on to infinity, and describe it as such. Ex. I can say ""infinity"" referring to say just numbers. But I know that there is no such thing because one can always add a 0 at the end. At the same time, while I can say infinity, and can have a general concept of the idea while at the same time knowing it is not a real thing, really I cannot even begin to imagine really large numbers. No one can really imagine for example how many a trillion is. We hear that number all the time, but the reality is beyond our comprehension when converted to anything real. Yet, a trillion does not even begin to approach ""infinity"" and in fact, we run into the number ""trillion"" all the time, in the deficit, the number of stars, sand on the beach, etc. It's everywhere. But beyond our comprehension none the less.Now that obviously could be turned into a pretty sermon about god, how something can be in front of us, while we do not comprehend it.lol, and I just realized how cute a point that would be. Probably make a million turning it into a little poem or something - ""foot prints in the sand"" and all that :)but the point is, our ability to have what seem to be higher-level thoughts, ""reason, logic, your mind, thought, reflection, moral assessments etc. and the morality, ethics, rules etc"" as you say,are very much characteristics of matter and are I believe of a physical nature.So, 2. In response to your point I would say that these things are a part of the natural world. reason, logic, reflection, ethics, even the morality that began this entire sideline to the debate, are all things I believe that developed naturally in humans, and many many mammals with relatively large brains, from observing the benefits of this kind of social behaviour.A chimpanzee can learn (From ""Bonobo: the forgotten ape"") for example, that if he brings a lover food, she will have sex with him later. When he does not, she does not. So they learned to share. Even in them, this took a certain amount of reflection. These primates had to look at them self, and on some level say ""I want sex"" then, their actions in pursuit of what they determined through self-reflection appears, and may well be, morality.Through time, we observe the fruits of our actions both from our own experience, and with our capacity to imagine what others have experienced. This leads over hundreds of thousands of years of evolution, experience, breeding with those who act in a similar way, etc, generation after generation, to a people (us) who appear to have a capacity for morality, reflection, moral judgment,when the hundreds of thousands of years of the trial and error of evolution are not taken into consideration,I admit it can appear quite miraculous, and I can see how one may feel something ""greater"" must be an architect of sorts. Even if this architect isn't really around to talk to like deists believe.But given the progression over generations. I don't feel these higher-level human characteristics necessitate the existence of a greater being. Sure, they are not ""characteristics of matter nor are they physical in nature."" But they are results of physical nature, hundreds of thousands of years of physical nature.Now, to the debate. ""Is belief in God for the GREATER GOOD.""I do not believe it is. We are capable of all the good, and all the evil on our own, with or without a god. And I do not like one using god as an excuse for good or for evil. I believe it is people, always was people, and always will be people, and it is better to be aware of that even if it should be the case that people couldn't handle this idea. I think though they could handle it just fine though if t hey tried."	AGAINST
255	god	"this would be far more helpful if you said what exactly you were refering to in your responses, butI was using Christianity as an example of a religion in response to you mentioning how laws are always chaning.You brought religion into it when you used how laws change as an example of how it would be better to have the ""word of god"" because it does not change.And this is the second time in this debate that you first brought up religion, then when a response was made to your introduction to it, you say ""this isn't about religion, this is about god.""At any rate. This is just dumb, because the only people espousing the existance of a god are of one religion or another, and there is no religion that does not change, just as laws change, so my point is incredibly valid, regardless of which religion's version of the ""word of god"" I use as an example.At the end of the day, it's just people.And yeah, I think people who think they hear the word of god are usually schizos of con-artists, because he's not real, therefore they're hearing voices or just making stuff up."	FAVOR
256	god	It's not just a matter of deterrents (i.e. policeman vs. boogie man). Most people seem not to understand that they are good to each other because that's the best way to survive! Or in the context of human society - have a chance of happiness. Without getting into a whole thing about how the media keeps you in a state of perpetual fear (much like the messiahs or priests of old and new) and why, or how a few rotten apples can spoil the whole batch if it seems that antisocial behavior can provide better results for an individual in the short term I just want to say - people are basically and statistically good. It's in our nature to be good. Just like it is to be scared, a fact that the media and religions rely upon with great effect to their bank balance. We need to make a society where there are less (ideally none) poor, uneducated, sick and in other ways unhappy people for no good reason. The question of deterrents, and which one is more effective will become moot. Until then belief in god is just holding us back.For a proof of concept look at Sweden. It's much easier to get a perspective on things by looking at empirical findings then following your intuition - i.e. throwing around arguments with no real data, making doomsday forecasts and alike.	AGAINST
257	god	Went to church. In fact, he wanted to be a priest.Stop with the Hitler comparisons.	FAVOR
258	god	 People only believe in god because they need to justify life. And other things.	AGAINST
259	god	I don't believe in God, because there is no proof. And please don't say well there is no proof he doesn't exist, because under that same theory all criminals should just be sent to jail, because there is no proof that they didn't commit the crime, why don't we just forget about free trial? I refuse to believe in God until proof presents itself.	AGAINST
260	god	Oh well, if you don't think that gravity is a fact, why don't you prove the theory by jumping off the top of the nearest tall building?  With regard to abiogenesis, formation of polypeptides is not thought to be the first component.  RNA (or some early simpler version of it) is thought to be the first critical component, because RNA has both catalytic and reproductive properties, so it can do the jobs of both proteins and DNA.  Evolution has nothing to do with abiogenesis.  Claiming that because   evolution   can't explain the origin of life proves intelligent design is just ludicrous.  ID is not supported by ANY evidence; it is a theory without any scientific support.	AGAINST
261	god	" What ""god""?  /   /> Prove one exists.  Come to the city where I live, let's go to a hospital and find someone dead, perhaps decapitated <i>(head cut off)</i> in a car accident.    />   /> If you can bring the dead guy back to life, I'll believe.  />   /> If you can't bring the dead guy back, get your ""god"" to do it.  />   /> If you can't get your ""god"" to do it, then it doesn't exist.    />   /> You're the one who says it's possible, so you have to prove it.  />   /> <b>Edit:</b>  />   /> Hey, Mabak: Prove you're not a pedophile.  />   /> What's that?  You say you don't have to disprove it, just as you say ""god"" doesn't have to prove itself?  />   /> Okay, that must mean you are a pedophile.  />   /> --  />   /> Now do you see how stupid your argument is?  All propositions are false until proven true, including your mythical ""god"".    />   /> You're free to believe it all you want, but nobody has ever proven it.  You're just a believer in regurgitated fairy tales, not a viewer of first hand experience.  />   /> "	AGAINST
262	god	I do not believe in any god or gods. I am a strong atheist, because I have never come across a definition of god that could possibly exist. There is no reason to believe that the gods of any bibles are real, and many reasons why we know they aren't. A being outside of existence is by definition non-existent. If a being is existing, it must be detectable. In order to be detectable, it must be logically consistent.	AGAINST
263	god	 If you know this for sure then show me tangible proof of your OPINION ! Since you KNOW your right this should not be a huge problem, SHOULD IT ? RELIGIOUS FANATICS ARE SO STUPID ! !	AGAINST
264	god	"""I have never known of any Christian who is a firm believing to ask for anybody to be put to death."" - if Osama bin Laden was caught tomorrow how many people would be speaking out for him not to be killed?"	AGAINST
265	god	"Bibledefendy""It doesn't make sense to say that if you look at a car, that somehow everything crashed together and made a car that RUNS.""It is ironic that you say this. We are saying the same thing.It doesn't make sense to say that if you look at a creator, that somehow everything crashed together and made a creator that CREATES."	AGAINST
266	god	"No offense, but I don't believe that there is a ""spirit"" up there who created the world in 6 days, or about Adam and Eve with the apple tree. I believe in the big bang, not the Bible."	AGAINST
267	god	Or, you could actually do some research and find out that there are processes by which complexity can be created from simplicity. (EX: Evolution, Conway's Game of Life, Chaotic systems, etc.)	AGAINST
268	god	"""This is a poorly asked debate question. That is like me asking someone from Ireland if they even know who Vishnu or Rama is ( God of India ).""I'm from the UK and I know who Vishnu and Rama are. I'll give you a hint; they're not the god/s of India.""Without a doubt I do not want to believe that when I die the screen goes black like my TV when the power goes out. That I refuse to believe, I want to think that I stand in front of the golden gates of heaven and that the doors open to me.""You're not arguing whether or not god exists; you're arguing whether or not you want god to exist. Clearly you do, as the life you currently have obviously isn't enough for you. Wanting something to happen doesn't make it so, unfortunately.""We can look back into history and we can find flaws in the Bible. The flood that betook the Earth the flood that Noah had built an Arc for. Their are many religions that have their own excuses for the cause of that event! Back into many ancient religions a flood was caused by the Gods!""There is absolutely no evidence that a great flood occured on Earth. The reason many religions would share this story is more to do with religions copying other religions (eg, the copying of christianity from paganism).""Think of a blind man, and ask him the question does the color blue really exist?""An interesting question, but you obviously haven't thought this through. Asking a blind man if the colour blue exists will normally be greeted with a yes answer. Why is this? Because every single seeing person he has spoken to can confirm that the colour blue exists. He can be told the science behind it, and taught about how light reflects and refracts from different surfaces. Now let's consider another scenario. A blind man asks one hundred people if the colour blue exists. Of those one hundred people, some will say yes and some will say no, whilst many others will bicker over exactly what colour blue actually is. Of the people who say yes, when asked how they know the colour blue exists, they can not say because they themselves have seen it. They can only answer that lots of people they asked have seen it, and blue sounds like a really nice colour so they really really hope that it does exist. I wonder if the blind man would be able to give you such a sure answer under these conditions?"	AGAINST
269	god	" There's the odd thought of ""what if?"" but nobody's given me any proof. I have just as much evidence that the universe is actually a toilet.  />   /> @Homestar: That's completely incorrect. For example, I could reason that Bob is a robot, because I've never seen him eat or sleep. Or, I could lop off his arm, noting the flesh, blood, and bone inside, proving him to be human. Which is more convincing?"	AGAINST
270	god	That's certainly a possibility.	AGAINST
271	god	Citing the law of conservation of mass-energy against God/creatio ex nihilo is absurd. The law only applies after the Big Bang; in all likelihood energy conservation was violated at the Big Bang.      ://   www.astronomycafe.net/qadir/ask/a11609.html   	FAVOR
272	god	"There is simply no good empirical proof for is existence. Miracles, prophets, and religious texts are not empirical. Neither is ""proof"" that a largely historical text is 100% correct because it gets some historical details correct."	AGAINST
273	god	" Holy whips and chains! A God argument that I have not yet commented on?! Blasphemy!  /   /> I'm going to have to say no because you said that there is ""irrefutable proof"" and ""evidence"" that God does exist, and you attribute existence itself to proof that God exists. That, to me, is not proof; that's merely a belief. If you want to be technical about it, there are two theories as to why we exist. The first theory is that we were destined to exist, which could include God in that theory. The other theory is that we were simply the result of random situations which created life.  />   /> You can't really prove either one of those theories with cold, hard facts; not yet at least. And furthermore, saying that things exist and that's God's doing is not proof, but rather belief. You can't just say ""Hey look, existence. God exists."" and expect that to be proof enough. I'm not saying that God does not exist, but your proof is somewhat weak."	AGAINST
274	god	It is not blaming God... it is just postulating that if a deity existed with the qualities usually associated with God then why would things happen as they do?	AGAINST
275	god	"Ofcourse People need other people to guide them. THAT IS WHY GOD SENDS DOWN PROPHETS. They are there to tell people God's word.If god were real then he could just tell people himself. This is ridiculous logic.Let me repeat - GOD IS NOT JUST THE ULTIMATE 'PUNISHMENT'. HE IS ALL. HE LOVES YOU THE MOST, HE GUIDES YOU THE BEST, HE DOES EVERYTHING BETTER THAN ANYBODY IN REAL LIFE CAN. THAT IS WHY HE IS GOD. If you have an IQ above 50 you would understand what I'm saying. So far you haven't.Um, name one thing god has done in the history of mankind and you may have an argument here.So doesn't that mean by following somebody who knows all is the right way in life?... I don't know about you, but to me I would follow somebody who knew everything and would do the best for me rather than to follow somebody who knew quite a bit and would do the best for me. ANYdayProblem is, there is no god who knows everything. I mean, even the books of any religion that were supposed to come from this mythical being are riddled with contradiction. I mean, wouldn't an all knowing everything at least not contradict themself?The only real excuse one can make is ""well, it was written by man.""Well in that case, if it's ultimately just other people you're listening to anyway when you are ""hearing the word of god""why bother with a god at all in that case? Why not just have people? - since that's all it is anyway even by the admission of the religious."	AGAINST
276	god	 So much around us is proof that there is no god. If there was a god, why would hitler have killed all the jews? AND WHY DID MY DOG DIE!	AGAINST
277	god	Can you elaborate on that statement?  Energy is such a broad term after all.If I carry a ball up to the top of a hill does it gain mass?  Does a photon have mass?	AGAINST
278	god	"""The existence of a god would invalidate the most essential laws of science...""An interesting argument indeed.  Why does science have laws?  Why do we accept that there is a natural order (design?).  Why is it an accepted proposition that those laws can be depended upon?  If I were to believe in a designer, I would expect a design. I would expect that the universe he created would have evidence of his design.  If I were to take your side of the argument I would wonder why any laws or formulas would exist at all?  You are speaking out of both sides of your mouth- arguing from the perspective of a highly ordered universe out of the one side, and denying the source of that order out of the other.  If the universe has laws as you say, then you must be intellectually honest enough to say that those laws had to come from somewhere."	FAVOR
279	god	"How can you say there is no evidence? I suppose you believe in the Big Bang (so do I). How do you suppose the Big Bang came to be? And don't say ""random events"". There is no way the entire Universe simply came to be without a Necessary Being. And what about miracles? Are they just by chance? God can be seen in so much around the world, so either you live under a rock or you just don't notice anything about how God is constantly here with us. Next time you go outside, look at the intricacy of the trees: how the branches intertwine and the colors are so vibrant. Look at the diversity of life and the delicacy of it. The balance of nature and the contrasts between night and day, alive and dead. To say there is no evidence of God is a HUGE fallacy."	FAVOR
280	god	There is something I would like to share with you in relation to the existence of GOD and the validity of the Bible. It is interesting to learn that until today the extinction of dinosaurs is still a big mystery to human race. There are so many theories suggested regarding this mass extinction; such as the climate changes, a big asteroid fell to the Earth, etc. In fact, if we look at the Source of the History itself, we will definitely find the answer to this question. Actually, back then in the time of dinosaur, the whole Earth (without exception) was covered by the cloud (waters) (GENESIS1:7) to protect it from direct exposure or radiation of the Sun. This cloud functioned as a filter and Ã’temperature stabilizerÃ“ (like having central air condition in a house) for the Earth. As a result, the whole Earth had the same temperature everywhere (whether in the North Pole, South Pole or the Equator - the temperature were the same). Due to this condition, the vegetation and environment in those days were very different from what it is now. The Land was much larger and bigger than the Sea (not like today) so as to accommodate and support the lives of so many giant creatures like dinosaurs on Earth. The question is, how did they become extinct all of the sudden (not even a single one exists but the bones and skeletons)? If there was a major catastrophe struck the Earth, then how come humankind and small animals could survive? If there was only a certain part of the Earth was hit by a meteorite or an asteroid, then how come Ã’allÃ“ the dinosaurs disappeared but not other creatures?If we look back at the History of the Earth (as told in the Oldest History book, the Bible), there was a certain time when there was a great flood took place on Earth. How could this happen? This could happen because the Dome of the Clouds above the Earth had been torn out and fell down in form of a big rain flooding and submerging all over the Earth (which was in NoahÃ•s time). As a result, the amount of water on the surface of the Earth had increased dramatically and formed what is called the Ocean. From this time on the size of the Water area has become much larger and bigger than the Land area. And at the same time the Earth has become too exposed to the radiation from the Sun which has increased the EarthÃ•s temperature drastically from what it used to be (which has left it without Ã’temperature stabilizerÃ“). From this time on, the temperatures in the North Pole, South Pole and Equator are quite different because they depend on the rotation of the Sun (just like in an air conditioned house when the doors and the windows are wide opened, certain places or rooms in the house have become too hot than the others). The same with the dinosaurs (if any of them survived from the flood), which used to live in a temperate world and environment, suddenly with the climatic changes had become too fragile and died out. Even for us today, with only a slight change in temperature due to the change of the seasons (from warm summer to cold winter) prone to get flu and other types of diseases, not to mention a drastic climatic change for dinosaurs which used to live in a temperate world. Consistent with the History as told in the Bible, only Noah and his family and all the passengers in the Ark were survived to live in the Ã’NewÃ“ Earth. And for the first time they could see the blue sky right after the Dome of the Clouds had been torn down in form of a big rain which caused the big flood. Before the flood there had never been any rain on Earth because the temperature on Earth was stable and the same everywhere under the Dome of the Cloud. This is proved by the Rainbow which was the first time showing as a sign after the flood. Based on this it confirms that there was no rain before this time because rainbows will only appear as the droplets of water reflecting the light.Before the big flood took place (when the Dome of the Clouds was still intact), the age of the creatures was longer than today (they could live up to hundreds of years).The ancestors of Noah lived up to hundreds of years (according to the Oldest History book or the Bible).This could happen only because there was no radiation (from the Sun) which has caused aging process. In conclusion, all these things show to us the validity of what is written in the Ã’Oldest History BookÃ“ or the Bible. Even the Earth is round also mentioned in this book (JOB 26:10) far before the Columbus.	FAVOR
281	god	 HOW DO YOU KNOW? Have you done some searching of the heavens and earth and now somehow you know more then the rest of us, because you seen it all. That is simply impossible... Sorry.	FAVOR
282	god	"""Explain to me then how justice is established?""Isn't it just as likely that our desire for perfect justice was the impetus to assign this attribute to god?""Atheistic regimes have slaughtered upwards of 100 million people""Wouldn't the god that created all the terrible atheists have even that blood on its hands?"	AGAINST
283	god	"Take the sweetest, most doting   church   lady. She feeds the ducks, gives every penny to her fellow humans in need, is always ready to help, has the nicest smile and everybody loves her. If such a lady bears witness of a loving   god  , you'd almost want to believe her. If she says ""god forgives everyone"" you nod and know there isn't such a horrendous thing as hell, and you feel safe and comforted and know there is something better after all.However for every ten sweet church ladies and uncles - I can show you several hundred complete drooling nutjobs, hypocrites, maniacs, racists, ranting sociopaths, populists, demagogues, liars, cheats, swindlers, irredeemable bastards, elitists, political monstrosities, xenophobe reactionaries, wolves in sheeps clothing, pedophyles, predators, thieves, fascists, warmongers, stormcrows, and much much worse. At some point I have to conclude there is a wide   diversity   of humanity, and if this testament is any indicator of a all-knowing, merciful, all-powerful deity, the image has become fragmented and is less coherent than the flimsiest of fata morgana. I can not know of this deity through human beings, nor of word of mouth or claimed   morality  , or pretense, or firm conviction, or force of arguments. None of the above hold promise as would a desert vision of an oasis provide me with any promise or guidance. In fact, it warns me. The acts of humans, separated from the few church saints that confirm the rule, is that those of god are untrustworthy, deceitful and immoral, by whatever standard I wish to envision. I can see so much possibilities, variants and things in this universe and thejob title of ""god"" loses all meaning in a greater context. Every glance on the universe makes me pause more, wonder more. There is mystery, there is a lot unknown - but the parochial, contrived  monstrosity is only a testament to humanities fear and groveling submission to dictators and tyrants, and not to the faerie tale reality of a benevolent god. It is saddening then, that so many people stay mired in this paradigm and with all their faculties cannot escape the clutches of what almost certainly is a deranged misconception of historic proportions. As I see human beings persist in their groveling for a menacing fata morgana, I feel nothing less than pity and disgust. These are all nothing but infants terrified that daddy is going to hit them and send them to the cellar for having been bad. "	AGAINST
284	god	I believe in God.. as we can simply see today it was to simple to say you don't believe in God because of the matter that you never saw him!!!!! yet i am telling you... how can you ask if there really is God? it only indicates that deep within you there sis ca triggering factor that you still have faith in the Supreme being	FAVOR
285	god	"If you really are searching for some answers to this question then I can provide great books that break down the philosophical side of free will. One of the most well known on this issue is C.S. Lewis, ""The problem of pain."" He also wrote mere ""Christianity"" and ""Miracles."" You are right in saying that there is no absolute proof of how life came about. However keep in mind, ""Science doesn't provide us with truth. The practice of scientific investigation involves tools that help us explain how the physical world might work. The explanation doesn't have to be true to be useful, just consistent with most of the evidence."" (Spencer). The evidence when studied just facts points towards a designer. Chance is ruled out through mathematical probability. For more on this read Robert Collins, Jay W. Richards, or Guillermo Gonzalez. For scientific evidence in molecular biology read Michael Behe, and Johnathan Wells. I would encourage reading opposing view from   evolution   scientist such a Ruse. It is good to know why you choose you evidences.         The   energy   mass you speak of is called the singularity. Both sciences believe in the ""big bang"" It is a measurable event. The argument is evolution believes that nothing came from nothing to create something over billions of years. There can be no infinity. ""Everything that begins the exist has a cause, The earth began to exist, therefore it has a cause."" If you heard a bang in the next room and asked me what was that and i said nothing, you would not except that. The bang has a cause. The idea that something comes into existence un-caused is absurd. Thank you for your time "	FAVOR
286	god	No. God is only the conscience in your own head. The conscience is looking out for you, so pay attention to it!	AGAINST
287	god	Believing in god is important because it gives humanity a reason for existence.	FAVOR
288	god	Science is not a 'matter of faith' it's a matter of evidence. There is evidence to support both 'the big bang' theory and evolution. See link below:	AGAINST
289	god	This question is a definite No-Brainer!Early in Man's existence, those people seeking power over their fellows, set up as Medicine-Men - Witch-Doctors - Soothsayers & Sorcerers etc, all claiming to have insights & contact with a 'Power' - of sorts. Little effort would be required due to the ignorance & fears of the unknown which must have prevailed at that time.Over millennia, via many devious pious paths, evolution has now landed us with their modern equivalents - Archbishops - Ayatollahs - Imams - Rabbis - Popes plus a host of other hypocritical sect leaders, incessantly brainwashing the largely unthinking masses with their ridiculous 'Holy' beliefs.Fouling up our minds with a rag-bag of archaic religiose twaddle doesn't help at all to further our understanding of this truly awesome Quantum / Astronomical Universe.The need to consult Biblical, Koranic, or any other crap-laden fairy-tales in order to pursue a decent & considerate existence beggars belief! As with everything, ethics evolve quite naturally.Everyone is infected with an imaginative 'Spiritual' tendency, sentimentally induced, that is 'merely' the natural wonderment of our existence & surroundings.The Human mind is fundamentally prone to the generation of illusions. Elemental reasoning must be applied to give all 'fantasial' thoughts a TRUE perspective!More common sense via attached link.	AGAINST
290	god	So if everyone gets to worship whatever religion feel like, doesn't that negate your point of uniting behind a common religion? What you are saying here basically agrees with what I said about people having freedom to believe whatever they want. If there is no common religion, then there is no single religion to unite behind and therefore no point to religion as a unifier or peacekeeping tool.	AGAINST
291	god	The major question is why is this even a question? It because if there is a God,   faith   must have a purpose that nothing else could accomplish--and indeed it does. Faith is the ultimate value upon which all relationships prosper or fail. I have faith in my bank that they can be trusted with my   money  ; and they trust me with a check book. Our relationship continues on the basis of that mutual trust. That trust is it own reward. If we want God's benefits, it's only consistent with all other things in life that he should ask us to accept him by faith. He has offered himself as the reward of the one who will seek to know him by faith. It's a fair deal, and a very good one. No one is forced in. And he isn't trying to fill heaven by coercion. It's for the willing.Lately, the thing which has me awestruck is God's love of paradox (apparent contradictions that seem impossible, yet with a change of viewpoint, they resolve). The resurrection accounts (Mt. 28, Mk. 16, Lk. 24, Jn. 20,21, Acts 1:1-12, and 1 Cor. 15:3-8 appear contradictory when merely compared side-by-side, but when the events described by each of the five writers are broken into pieces they can all be brought together to form one complete story, without contradiction. Who but God could conceive such a grand puzzle? Find out more at   www.easteranswer.com  	FAVOR
292	god	"From Letter revealed May 08There are plenty of people with high IQ's, but that doesn't make them right on everything.  Remember, they say a Harvard Grad can be distinguished by the ability to ""speak eloquently, and at length, on subjects they know absolutely nothing about.""  Of course, Einstein was smart enough to not even try something like that.  He rejected silly ideas people have come up with about the Bible and accepted what he understood from colleagues in Biology.If Einstein pictured cute little animals on a cute little boat, and Mt. Everest covered by water coming from rain, then yes, that's a silly story.  If he pictured a red colored guy with horns, pitchfork and funny tail, then yes, that's a silly story.  If he thought that the Bible teaches that the world is flat, or that the solar system revolves around the earth, or that the earth is supported by some structure rather than floating in space, then yes, those are silly stories.But that's not what the Bible says"	FAVOR
293	god	Well said your right about that no big what are points really.	AGAINST
294	god	I doubt seriously that my dog thinks that I am God.  He might be slightly impressed when the front door light comes on automatically, because of the motion detector, when we return at night after a walk, although I think I lose considerable numbers of points, when I fumble around in the dark for the keys, because I forgot to turn on the light in the first place (he has perfect night vision), or even worse, I have to get the garbage bin to climb over the security gate because I forgot its key.	AGAINST
295	god	"Oh, yes, religious rights OTHER THAN YOURS are just bullcrap, yeah.NO, you CAN'T interject religion into a school function -- but people do it all the time. U of TX regularly prays before football games and has a school motto invoking ""Gabriel's horn."" At a state school. This too is just ""one case of many."" And their actions are FAT illegal, but have they been ""persecuted"" for it? NOOOO. If the church wants to hold a charity drive, great - pray away. If the public school wants to do it, then public prayer is inappropriate, because we have that whole disestablishmentarianism thing. Would you have been cool with it if it had been your kids at that function, and the teacher had said ""Let's make an offering to Ellegua"" or ""Here kids, ring these bells in honor of the generosity of Ishtar""? Or how about if the teachers stopped the activity so everybody could face Mecca and bow down and chant ""Allahu Akbar"" a few times?You want religion in your kids' school, then send your kids to a parochial school. That's what parochial schools are flippin' for. But our public schools are not places for you to indoctrinate other people's children.Making Christians follow the law is not ""persecution."" You guys just want ""special rights"", e.g., the right to inflict your religious beliefs and practices on the rest of us. And that, my friend, is persecution behavior."	AGAINST
296	god	"Your argument is based on a flawed conception of omnipotence.You say that God's omniscience, being all knowing, proves that God can't change things from how he knows them to be.  Essentially, God can't change things to be difference from what they are.  Now you say, ""therefore God cannot be all powerful because in contradicts his omniscience.""So, your argument is essentially that God is a contradiction precisely because he cannot contradict himself.  This argument is clearly logically flawed.God's omnipotence means that he can do all things that are possible.  That fact that he is all powerful means that there are things that he cannot do.  God cannot be wrong.  God cannot make himself cease to exist.  Hence, God cannot contradict himself.  Your own argument is a contradiction, not God. "	FAVOR
297	god	"Pascal's wager means nothing. It is neither intelligent or moral to believe in something just because you can't do something that is impossible, prove a negative. ""To talk of immaterial existences is to talk of nothings. To say that the human soul, angels, god, are immaterial, is to say they are nothings, or that there is no god, no angels, no soul. I cannot reason otherwise: but I believe I am supported in my creed of materialism by Locke, Tracy, and Stewart. At what age of the Christian church this heresy of immaterialism, this masked atheism, crept in, I do not know. But heresy it certainly is.""-Thomas Jefferson, letter to John Adams, Aug. 15, 1820"	AGAINST
298	god	For obvious reasons: religions claims to explain the foundation and structure of the universe without good enough evidence. It is therefore the duty of scientific thinking people to point that out - that the evidence is flawed	AGAINST
299	god	if the non-divine punishment was not enough then atheists would have a much higher rate of criminality which is not the caseonly by challenging the law have we progressed this far - otherwise we would still have slavery and complete ownership and subjugation of women (yes, it is in the new testament not just the old - see 1st Timothy)                                       sapient/atheist_vs_theist/4149	AGAINST
300	god	"Mkovach is reaching for an old argument that one can find in Aquinas and elsewhere. As he states it, though, it has some amusing consequences. If something is omnipotent because it can do all things that are possible, I am omnipotent because I, too, can also do all things that are possible. The fact that I can't bench press 300 pounds doesn't disprove my omnipotence since that's clearly something I'm not able to do, i.e. it isn't possible. What is possible, I can readily do. Maybe I'm God. By the way, why should anybody entertain for an instance the notion that there is anything omnipotent in the universe? Mkovach is assuming both that omnipotence is a meaningful attribute and that something possesses it. Unfortunately, omnipotence is just the answer to the absurd game of ""let's now come up with the best thing that might be true about our tribal deity."" I'm reminded of arguments I had with my friends in grammar school about whether the universal solvent was able to dissolve itself, etc. One last note: mkovach writes ""God cannot contradict himself."" I, however, am able to contradict myself. Therefore I am greater than God because I have an ability he lacks. "	AGAINST
301	god	" Of course I care to argue. Don't underestimate us, you may have the iron will of a chriStain, but Atheists have the job of laughing at you.  />   /> ""I believe there is irrefutable proof that God exists"". Great stuff. I don't care.  />   /> ""evidence is all around us"" They always use this argument, and it never works. Please, for your own sake, don't bother.  />   /> So, because the universe is complex, it had to be a supernatural being that created it? What I flushed down the toilet was a mass of complex atoms, yet I made that without thought.  />   /> You've had personal encounters with god? Met him down a dark alley? Oh, you claim he changed your life some way. Prove it was ""him"".  />   /> Most theistic arguments are based on the bible, and since that has no solid evidence.. "	AGAINST
302	god	The power that religions call God was recognized as the power of creation. How is everything created? Energy. The energy that surrounds us, and binds us, and makes up everything that exists. So in a manner of speaking, EVERYTHING is God and God is everything.	FAVOR
303	god	"There is. And every knee will bow before Him for judgment. Those who believe in Him will be judged differently than those who don't. When I pray to God, He in fact sees Jesus Christ standing in for me. He will see Jesus' blood. Jesus will then judge my deeds in terms of rewards after I passÃ‘some shall receive many rewards, some shall receive fewer, but all will be saved. Unbelievers, if persistent in their unbelief and unrepentant, will not see God. That is their final judgment. It's funny that atheists claim this as punishment (which is how I, a believer, do see it), but for the atheist, this is exactly what they wantÃ‘they don't want or have any need of a ""God,"" so why would they care if they're eternally separated from Him (which is what Hell actually is)? God gives them what they want.Plus a note: What is ""good"" to mankind is not the same as what is ""good"" to God. He's so good and so loving and so pure and so wise and so powerful, our best efforts at even trying to attain these things are ""but filthy rags to Him."" The only way He can look upon us is if He sees His son in our place, since His son is, was, and will always be, not just good, but perfection. Non-believers can do ""good"" or ""nice"" thingsÃ‘this does not make them unspoiled, perfect, obedient, or ample in true goodness. And, as I've said, believers, too, can be nice and charitable and whatnot, but without a genuine faith in Christ, this does not make them good."	FAVOR
304	god	You would like to believe that but the actual facts of the matter and statistics prove you wrong.	FAVOR
305	god	Then it stands to reason: is it useful to believe in god without a religious basis? Without evidence, the answer is no.	AGAINST
306	god	Very well said; my hats off to you. :) 	FAVOR
307	god	Yes I think believing in god is worth it because he make the world	FAVOR
308	god	"Not their understanding, but word for word, God's Words1. I just wonder how it is that some people have a direct line to ""know"" what god wants and what god says. there is no reason to see Buddha , Jesus or Muhammad as anything more than just very intelligent guys who had a burden in their hearts to guide people into a right moral pathway. Anyone with common sense and enough passion, and charisma can do this. Ghandi did not claim to be speaking god's words. he did claim to be inspired by the words of said prophets but by viewing their words as what he called ""pure thoughts"". why do you have to bring a ""god"" into the picture? morality has no need for god. 2. the words of the prophets you cite have value, but i feel that because they claim to be god-sent, their words become meaningless. people then have to choose who to believe... was jesus the son of god? or was he just a prophet? ... then religion becomes more than just about morality but about being ""right"" with some ""god"". does the mother of your example have to tell the kid that she is letting him fall because god told her to? why cant she just explain the logic behind it? it is enough.... we know that we shouldnt kill because it is common sense! not because we have to believe in someone who tells us that god talked to them last night. Since you do not want to use religion, then explain how the idea of god, outside of religious norms, is tied to morality. it seems that more than defending the need for having a creator/god, you are defending the need for organized religion. God could be viewed as something more sublime than an organized set of rules written down by some privileged men who had some sort of direct phone line to the all-mighty.... in my opinion morality need not to be tied to god. your argument is very confusing. are you defending religion, or god, or morality as means for the greater good? ... it seems to me that you believe that religions are legitimate creations of a god. if this is the case, this will be my last comment to you as there are too many contradictions in religions, in their norms, to even begin to accept that a higher being would have given them to us for our ""guidance"". if there was a higher being he probably has nothing to do with religions... and i repeat... morality does not need to be tied to a god. there are lot of ways to be educated into the ""right"" way of behaving that do not require having someone telling you that you will go to hell if you don't obey."	AGAINST
309	god	Also, you do err in your inference that I implied you believe in God.Oh yeah...A lot of bs...Your debate is nothing more than the illustration of demagoguery without the use of the word demagoguery while at the same time a debate about whether or not a demagogue should use the word God .Finally, we have a winner!.. Kinda. You're right. (although I never knew the word demagoguery) Right so you DO know what my debate is about, but I don't know you're position.So it's kinda useless to argue when you don't have a position.	AGAINST
310	god	"You have made an elementary statement in, "" Science has been proven.""That statement is similar to the following, "" The Sun has been proven.""The question is, what about the sun is proven?upon your statement i ask the following:1) Which   science  ? - there are many types of study.2) Which has been proven? - there are many differing ideas on a range of topics."	FAVOR
311	god	"The reasons we should give for guiding our morality should have a real foundation. You didnt answer WHY you are against zoophilia, why it is harmful to engage in such behavior... is it because god's word should be followed blindly? just ""because""? I'm against following for the sake of following, and against giving people rules without proof of why those rules are good for them. I am not an advocate of zoophilia. But I accept that I have no reason, other than my personal OPINION that it is disgusting, to make a moral judgement and condemn it as ""wrong"". So, again, if you say it is wrong... what is the reason behind it?? please convince me with something other than ""god says so""."	AGAINST
312	god	"The Romans persecuted Christians the Romans weren't Christians or even Catholic yet. Where are you making this stuff up the sixth commandment never said that you could kill Canaanites and Babylonians et. As far as the putting people to death I don't associate Catholics as Christians. True Christian's never asked to put people to death. One of the main reasons why pilgrims left England was because of there freedom of religion to not be persecuted by Catholics. If you look up the history of Catholicism about 300 A.D. Constantin fused together pagan and Christianity there you have the whack Catholics. I cut and pasted from Wiki below. Look I know the argument is not about a specific religion like the one I believe in. Yes if you encompass all religions that call themselves Christian than yes your death statement is correct. A lot of cults out there call themselves Christian but they are a wolf in sheep's clothing just like the Catholics are making up there own rules and laws.Ancient Roman religion encompasses the collection of beliefs and rituals practiced in ancient Rome in the form of cult practices. It is therefore the practical counterpart of Roman mythology. Within the Roman world, religious practice varied enough so that one might speak of Roman religions. The cult practices of Rome extended across Italy with the rise of the Roman Empire. These religions were polytheistic, and as such are sometimes referred to as ""pagan""."	FAVOR
313	god	 Everything in our world is made up if you think about it, who thought of the different languages, the alphabet, yes each word is derived from different roots but where did it all come from everything we know is based on definitions that we were taught as a child. This includes religion, it is a made up story that someone thought up a long time ago before the theory of the big bang or the theory of evolution to explain why we are all here, they did so because most people in earlier  times were simple minded and could not  understand the scientific terms for why we all exist. Assuming we exist regardless of our lack of understanding, everything in our world is flawed, man 's ultimate flaw is how naive he is to the environment in which he was placed. To be honest there is no way to prove that god exists, but someone once told me that life is much easier to live if you have faith in some thing much bigger than your own existence. God only exists because people believe in him. Other than that there is no solid proof, i personally don't see the evidence of his existence anywhere, but there has to be something else out there to explain the strange fate we are all on the path to meet. I believe that if there is a god he is cruel , that he placed such a flawed creature in this environment to, watch it react purely for his own entertainment. Man is ignorant, therefor man is his own downfall.	AGAINST
314	god	Faith IS truly required to believe (i.e. KNOW in one's heart) that God exists.  Yet, Faith in faith alone gives little comfort that Faith will one Day be proven to be fact.  Faith THAT God exists is based on the presuppositions that God can exist, and that His existence is beneficial to me.However, by the same token Faith is required to believe that God does NOT exist!  The Faith that God does NOT exist is based on the presuppositions that the Universe can exist even if God does not, and that the lack of God is in some way or ways beneficial to me.Though I will probably add another comment later, I will close this one with an investment-return analysis!Belief:  God exists!   Investment:  This Life with all its problems & blessings...on average 100 years or less.   Return:  Eternity of significant existence minus problems plus additional favor for believers.Belief:  God does not exist!   Investment:  Time & Effort getting to the top of your field, and the staggering task of proving your own omniscience of all things in order to be able to prove that God does not exist!    Return:  A Life of pleasures that lasts for 100 years or less, and the possibility of being immortalized in the hearts of those who adore you, even though YOU yourself cease to exist.Cost-Benefits Analysis shows heavier value on the side of Belief in God and His certain existence! (Hebrews 11:1, KJV)   It's not even close!  :)	FAVOR
315	god	A reply to your objection can be found here:    /Guess I had some extra time on my hands :)(I exceeded the word count for a reply)	AGAINST
316	god	God is, always has been, and always will be.  That's a hard thing to wrap your mind around, but if we didn't dwell in a finite mindset, it would not be.  Many of the same people, who reject God, or Creator, can easily phantom infinite parallel universes, intelligent beings from other planets or even galaxies, but not a Creator.  For me, God has always been the only plausible explanation for life.  If you really study the Bible, you'll find that it must be divinely inspired if only because of the obvious logical sequence obtained by so many authors over so many years.  For me, however, I only have to look at a child or maybe something as small as a butterfly, to see the handiwork of God.	FAVOR
317	god	That's not it at all. Emotions are completely natural, animals show compassion all the time, this is why you dog licks you and why you don't fk with a bear's cubs. What does the existence of a creator have to do with the possibility of love? That's such a random association.	AGAINST
318	god	there is a lack of valid physical/mathematical proof on both sides, so i think this issue is up to the reader to decide	AGAINST
319	god	this is my first argument: ahem... atheists and theists are two sides of the same coin. one is certain there is a god, the other is certain there is not.. both have intelligent people. i have not seen god, but if i do...	AGAINST
320	god	How is this a debate? Am i meant to argue with myself? Anyway...	AGAINST
321	god	NiceSo you're saying tranquility and order (also a good way life?) is NOT the greater good?I don't agree that it neuters healthy skepticism and religious people have a good measure of doubt. People are always thinking twice about everything they do, that's normal, difference with theists is they follow their religion. Doesn't mean they don't doubt. Problem these days is TOO much doubt and TOO much skepticism.	FAVOR
322	god	"No. Many people believe that Gods do exist but till date, there is no definite answer to this question. This has been a myth for centuries. Be it Christians or Buddhists there bound to be some kind of God that these people believe in. Sadly, this has not been scientifically proved that Gods do exist.No offense but I feel that this is a propaganda to make people devoted to one's religion. See, you go to Churches or the temples and pray, study the bible, etc. But are they really true?Just like what many people say about Jesus-- he wanted to save his villagers so he sacrificed himself and got pinned(literally hammering his hands and feet) onto logs which make up the letter ""t"" and was left there to bleed to death. [Sorry if I got the wrong story but it should be something like that]How true is this? No one can reassure. Any one can just make up stories with no prove and evidence. It depends on how much or how far one believes in that so-called story.For me, I feel that Science explains almost everything. Without Science, one will not know why or how things work. We would all be a bunch of morons, obeying what others say or do. And because there is no explanation to this, I would rather choose not to believe in this(to a certain extent)Therefore, I do not go with the motion agreeing that God do exist."	AGAINST
323	god	 There is also no proof that he DOESN'T exist! 	FAVOR
324	god	What absurdity is this DOG is a living thing created by the SCIENCE........................God is just an imaginary figure created by the lazy human mind to have lame excuses.................	AGAINST
325	god	UNNOTICEABLE?????????????????????so you want to say that GOD is real and you can sense him only if you are a CHRISTIAN.............	AGAINST
326	god	You've missed the point haven't you. I haven't at one point said I myself believe in God. Even though I do. Not very strongly... but I do.So you're telling me the world would be better off believing there was no God? EVER.Again you've missed the point of this debate. In a debate.. you don't just make one statement.. you got to have something to back it up. All you've done is make up a sentence.Groans...	AGAINST
327	god	We can observe the presence of a black hole by seeing how the stars behind it distort or by observing the accretion disk that forms as a black hole siphons matter from a near by star.Black holes are also defined mathematically... appearing in the Theory of Relativity long before they were observed (the math is really quite enjoyably elegant).	AGAINST
328	god	Jesus is a character in a story that attempts to show what God would do if he was a man IMHO.Did he ever really exist ? There is no proof you can CHOOSE to believe He did or you can choose to believe he didn't. To me it is irrelevant based on my only now exists post. He does exist now for me however. Based on the words and actions attributed to this character and my understanding of the teachings attributed to him he is a reality and part of my way of thinking.John says it so well, In the beginning was the WORD our first awaremess of the concept of TRUTH and the word became flesh and dwelt among men.Jesus represents the Truth of God. Which he synthesized from the   ten commandments   each of which represented one of these two concepts from Jesus.1. Love truth and righteousness above all else.2. Love others.William Booth the founder of the salvation army was forced to synthesize it even further when asked what ONE word would he leave to his followers. The word was not God, the word was not Jesus, The word was not even Love. The one word he left was the word OTHERS! Because the truth is in order to have peace and understanding we really need to think about OTHERS and not be selfish.	FAVOR
329	god	"No need to attack. When you say things like ""You are seriously misinformed about the nature of scientific knowledge."" then you lose a civilized debate. Debate the topic, not the person.I agree with you on most of your points about what science and research are.  I'm an engineer, not a scientist, if you care to draw a distinction.  So, I know science changes when consensus changes.  God's laws of nature don't change, but the human understanding of those laws changes via peer review.  No need to go back to Aristotle.  Just go pull some textbooks off the shelf from the 1930s.Yes, conservation of mass and energy are not up for debate here.  This debate is about God.  He is free to violate any law of physics he wants, since he created them in the first place.  Look at the elegance of the universe. How could that have happened by accident?  Also, if we hold to the fact of conservation of mass and energy, then how did the big bang happen? Faith and Science are two very different things.  God created the laws of nature that we call Science. No doubt, he has violated them a few times as serves his purpose. God also created the faith that humans must exercise in order to understand a bit more of him each day."	FAVOR
330	god	"""This is your fundamental failure in all the arguments provided, which means, in essence, all of your arguments fail""LOL.  Wow. Did anyone else take a second read at that?"	FAVOR
331	god	How do you account for educated people who are raised in good environments that commit evil?Also, I'd like to know why people love to do what they know is wrong.	FAVOR
332	god	 Due to the very intelligent moderators at Forandagainst.com, my post on this debate made no sense because it was moved to this one from another for whatever reason they felt necessary. So, I just decided to erase it and not even bothering to post anything else about the topic. 	AGAINST
333	god	I believe in my god Jesus Christ, because there is proof of him being here on earth. Not because of the Bible,. Because the simple fact that explores and scientist found proof.	FAVOR
334	god	Lol. I think either you completely misunderstood my post or I wrote it very badly. I'm against the abrahimic Gods. The thing about those mass suicidic cults is that the same has been done for aliens, not just God. It's complete brainwashing that is a relatively new phenomenon that has only affected lets say 2000 people? Within the last 30 years? My point is that it is so irrelevant and anomolous with humankind's history, especially when it comes to religion, it should not hold any strength and if it does, it shows that religion needs to be in place to stop people from doing that... (as they did it on scientific reasoning)Facts are facts, but they can be used subjectively. The thing about saying we need to know about everything before making a decision is impossible and tbh says that as people we can't make a decision. ANY decision we make, we will never know the impact of it, not only is it because we can't see into the future that would have been, but also we can't see everybody it might've affected.I personally believe sodomy is wrong. And it's not science if both parties consent to it. If that is the mentality, then when the time comes IF I WANT, then I SHOULD be able to be part lion, part tiger, and have sexual intercourse with baboons. It means if a girl of 12 consents to a 90 year old, it's ok. Don't act like it won't happen, because slowly everything is becoming legal. Even drugs are becoming legal. There's no science to everything... Now I'm not against oral sex... but anything more than that is imo not right. Religious people to do not do things just to please God, but because they also think it's the right way of living.	FAVOR
335	god	"A lot of people that don't follow the Bible have already read it ""just in case"" and still don't believe it.Global warming will have global consequences. If the god of the Bible is real, then it's between him and the person in question.Finally, why only the Bible? What about the other holy books and the other gods? They are just as likely to be true."	AGAINST
336	god	 Big surprise right!	FAVOR
337	god	"-between giggles-okay, ignoring nearly every sentence you wrote is wrong,dumb,misrpresentation,or some hilarious combination of those things, I want to focus on the funniest presumption I've ever come across (and I read nearly all of Joe's posts, at least he's funny on purpose)""Jesus is great, but He's not God"" (an illogical argument)Please, please explain to me in logical terms, why it's illogical to think that Jesus is great, but not god. Is it because one can only be great if they are god? So like you couldn't say George Washington was great?lol, I really don't understand why that statement would be ""illogical.""And I would absolutely love to hear an explanation. I'm quivering with anticipation of a ""logic"" arguement from you.I'm going to dim the lights, and pop some corn in anticipation of your answer."	AGAINST
338	god	Great story, unfortunately in this setting it is meaningless without evidence. Christians often use emotionally charged stories of miraculous recoveries because people are too afraid to ask for the evidence.	AGAINST
339	god	I understand enough to know that you are twisting it to support your anti-religious attitudes. Why do you make judgments on religious ideas you have no understanding of?	FAVOR
340	god	How dare you jump into a debate with your false premises disguised as a cogent argument... in order to put down other people's belief systems and the President of the United States! What have you done lately... I guess just spread poison.	AGAINST
341	god	"   Had the law been violated, then one might invoke Him but then one would still be saying fatuity as He is so incoherent as His properties so contradict each other as we ignostics so loudly proclaim. The law is perpetual: the present is key to the past.   One should always look for natural causes and explanations as that is our experience that makes for the presumption of naturalism. They are despite      Leibniz the sufficient reason.   Ex nihilo is fatuous as it is contrary to experience and to posit  nothingness is to posit nothing whatsoevr as knowledge. See Peter A.Angeles ""The Problem of God: a Short Introduction.""      The occult adds nothing to knowledge! As atheologian Keith Parsons notes , it merely invokes the fig leaf of ignarnce."	FAVOR
342	god	The literal interpretation of the Bible & Torah as well as your own argument (apparently) suggest that a God exists with all of the physical features of a human man, though it's never been explained why exactly a   god   would require genitals, waste disposal, legs, or anything, really. Children look like their parents not because their parents chose to make them that way but because they passed on a set of their own genes. Children sometimes act like their parents because they were exposed to a certain mindset,   environment   and ideology. Why, then, would the God of the Bible choose to expose us and command of us violence, hate,   racism  , sexism, but not even bother to suggest compassion in, say, his Ten Commandments? Why would he share with us only a few attributes but not all, if we are truly made in his image?It seems, as usual, the theist conclusion has come not from evidence and logical reasoning first, then conclusion, but conclusion first than a half-hearted attempt at evidence and logical reasoning to convince others of the conclusion.	AGAINST
343	god	So it was made up?	AGAINST
344	god	Downvoted, because you copy-pasted your response to me and reposted it as a dispute to someone else with a position not entirely dissimilar from mine.	AGAINST
345	god	"'..regardless of which side you're on, you're there based on faith.'No faith is the belief in something with inadequate evidence and in the case of God, lots of evidence to the contrary. Science is based on evidence.'Science and a belief in God do not have to be mutually exclusive of each other.'Indeed. There are scientific reasons why people believe in gods.'I believe God intended us seek knowledge and question things...even Him.'You can believe whatever you want but if it adversely affects the lives of others, you should be held accountable with reasoned inquiry.E.g. I may believe that the sun sets in the Indian ocean every night because my parents and community say so but if I punch those who dissent from my belief I should be forced to face reason with evidence.'For everything science brings to the table, it won't be able to prove ""scientifically"" that the universe and everything in it, is a result of random happenstance.'That's your assumption. Perhaps it's akin to a 10th century peasant saying 'never' when conteplating the lunar landings.'A time came when I realized that there would ALWAYS be something to be discovered..'So?'..I put my faith in God..'But why?"	AGAINST
346	god	If an anthropomorphic   god   created the world who created god? God was created by psychopaths to help them rule over other men. Take Moses, he killed at least one man, had two wives, told his people there was a promised land they had to get by killing other people and stealing it from them, he took all the people's gold from them so only he could use gold as an idol. George Bush used god to justify attacking a dictator the CIA helped install and   murder   somewhere between 60 some thousand and 1.5 million Iraqi civilians, yet he had the audacity to murder prisoners who were accused of murder and later found innocent. God never changes, it is always a schizophrenic tool used by psychopathic ego driven greedy shameless humans.	AGAINST
347	god	I'm just going to say yes. Any questions about that?	FAVOR
348	god	it does not have to be God that orders it - it is their belief in God that allows them to rationalize their behaviour	AGAINST
349	god	I might get hazed for this, but what the hell~Faith is hope. Even if it may or may not be false hope.For those who have been dealt a bad hand and have nothing to cling on to but dirty old rags and bread crumbs, sometimes the only thing that gets them up in the morning is believing that something is out there that cares for them.For the rest of us, maybe not so much.	FAVOR
350	god	"Well, first, to answer your question: Yes, believing in God is worth it. But you must know, that faith in God does not mean that you are perfect, or that you will be considered ""good"" by people (in fact, many will despise you and call you intolerant out of their intolerance), or that your life will somehow be void of suffering or the traps of sin and temptations of life. It's not easy sometimes, but is most definitely worth it. The benefits are: You are adopted into the family of God and our now considered His child. How awesome is that?! It's one thing to have cool parents on earth or wealth or great friendsÃ‘but these shall all pass away or come and go. HeÃ‘GOD (think about that)Ã‘will always be with me and for me, no matter what trials I go through in this life! Secondly, by accepting His son as our Savior we are instilled with the Holy Spirit, which then guides us when we don't know what to do, convicts us when we're wrong so we will know truth from lies, and transforms us to be the kind of person we all really want to be but could never seem to do or be on our own, like His son, Jesus. But you can't believe ""just in case"" or ""even if there is no God""Ã‘that would actually be unbelief, besides God won't be fooled or mocked. One must truly believe in Him to receive the benefits. Oh and I forgot a biggie: we get to live eternally with Him and Jesus and all the other saints in Heaven after we pass!"	AGAINST
351	god	"The Bible was written decades & decades after Jesus supposedly walked the Earth, period.""more that 95% of sales made from the bible are donations""What does this prove?? Absolutely nothing!"	AGAINST
352	god	Why not give the judgment of charity and not condemnation. Wouldn't you expect that if you were visiting a foreign country? So, where is your post that illustrates charity in lieu of condemnation toward Ã”fachrulismeÃ•?Secondly, my counsel is an act of charity. It could be said that I spared Ã”fachrulismeÃ• from a scathing assault against his/her faith, whatsoever that may be.	AGAINST
353	god	Hell no!Im a very proud Atheist and ill keep it that way	AGAINST
354	god	Science is not everything. It's a good thing that only 1/5 of the world population are atheists. People who do not have faith are neglecting a huge prospect in their life. Among them are love and knowledge.	FAVOR
355	god	"nowhere except for a completely biased person would say that evolution has been provedAnd nowhere did anyone say that evolution has been ""proven."" I said: ""evolution is a very widely accepted scientific theory."" The ""debate"" over the validity of the theory is considered by science to be, well, I think the technical term is ""retarded.""None of your points about evolution are vaguely even coherent. Of course mammals and other modern taxa evolved over hundreds of millions of years from much earlier sea-dwelling organisms. It's the ""hundreds of millions of years"" part that's crucial here, mate. And no, there's no reason that there would be more animals with higher-level thinking capabilities, although in fact there are good arguments to be made for a number of animals having varying degrees of ""reasoning"" power -- gorillas, chimps, elephants, big cats, and even parrots are quite bright compared to many other critters: bright enough to measure on ""our"" scale to the point where we've seen higher-level thinking behaviors akin to our own in all of them (examples include: use of sign language, use of sign language to communicate experiences that happenned prior to the acquition of sign language, primates teaching other primates to sign, the ability to identify one's own reflection as being one's own reflection, emotional expression, representational image-making . . . the list is really quite extensive). Also, dolphins are the only animal in the fossil record to have both more complex brains and a greater brain-to-body-size ratio than we do, and we really haven't a notion what they're up to with all that grey matter. But that's not really the point, since evolution functions so that better-adapted animals will, over time, reproduce more succesfully and, over greater amounts of time, diversify further. A shark doesn't need to be smart; a shark is perfectly adapted to its environment. The evolution of brains is not baffling at all; it's actually pretty well understood."	AGAINST
356	god	I have seen a lot more negative reactions than positive.Take for example stem cell research.	AGAINST
357	god	"I am allowed to believe in both God and the Big Bang. It just so happens that I believe the creation stories are mythical in their nature. Nobody important ever said ""the Bible is 100% fact,"" except for maybe a few Popes throughout the ages."	FAVOR
358	god	What about the creation story with the world being created in 7 days. I do not think science can ever support that story.	AGAINST
359	god	 What proof mark? There is no proof for god ion this world, if anything there is more evidence towards the contrary, explain to me any real proof for gods existence, beside your so-called personal experience	AGAINST
360	god	"Remember the old testament in the Bible uses the word Elohim in ancient hebrew. In fact Psalms 82:1,6 talk about ""gods."" But if we talk about the Cause of the Creation of the Universe, yes God the Father is He."	FAVOR
361	god	 He does exist, can u prove that he doesn't exist? That's a belief in itself there's no proven fact that he doesn't exist	FAVOR
362	god	My old   girlfriend   had Dissociative Identity Disorder Ã multiple personalizes.  One of her alters was created from whatever part of the brain controls dreams.  Her name was Shy.  She remembers a time before she had consciousness, before she could come out and talk.  If Freud had been right Ã Shy would have been pure superego    She hardly ever spoke and used to write anything she wanted to say in a little pink notebook.  She had beautiful cursive handwriting, and wrote so slowly that it would drive anyone nuts.  She had no malice towards anyone, even her rapists and abusers.  She was at peace with her small existence, and understood what would happen when her brain would start functioning better and she would die.  One night we were having dinner with some friends.  Shy was eating with us.  We started talking about God.  Finally we asked ShyÃ’Is there a GodÃ“Shy thought carefully for a moment.  The table went silent. Finally, she smiled and carefully wrote her answer and showed us her notebook.No.Then she thought for another moment, leaned across the table and whispered her first words in months.Ã’But there should be.Ã“	AGAINST
363	god	You can't convince a group to hate people who are different when you are different.  Hitler was evil, yes, but also intelligent.  Once he was in power and had the Germans firmly united behind him, he quickly phased out that pesky Christianity business.  If you accuse some one of being like Hitler based on his brief stint as a Christian, you can say make the comparison to just about anyone.  He was a man, for example, and a veteran, he was Austrian, and he even happened to be part Jewish.  Do you really want to say that all men, veterans, and anyone who is part Jewish are like Hitler?	FAVOR
364	god	Their were hundreds of people that saw Jesus Christ, the question sure as hell isnt did he exist it would be ' were his words true ? '	FAVOR
365	god	"Read ""a New kind of science"" by Stephen Wolfram. It is a book about complexity theory that goes to show (with mathematical computer simulations) that complex forms and structures are more likely to have a simple set of initial conditions than complex. In fact if the intial conditions are complex almost all of the time the forms/structures that follow are simple"	AGAINST
366	god	Very good points. About the matter of the different direct lines to God, there's this little funny movie here, which might help religious people see how subjective their own point of view is... Enjoy! ^^	AGAINST
367	god	"""With out an author, everything then becomes a matter of personal preference and interpretation""everything is still personal preference and interpretation - which god to believe in, which texts get canonized, and their applicability and meaning given current circumstancesperfect justice, meaning, etc. are only perceived implications - they do not provide evidence for a god, nor specify what god to believe. it is just as likely that we invented and hold on to religion because we want to believe those things exist"	AGAINST
368	god	God cannot help you and bring you to heaven, he can only guide you and show you the path.Guidance will only be help if you do something about it.If not, it is not help it is just some instructions or ways to go to heaven.God bringing you to heaven is called direct help whereas god showing you directions to heaven is called indirect help.There is a difference..	AGAINST
369	god	Nothing. The Church in this case took a perfectly legitimate position. As I said in one of my other arguments if you believe the bible to be true then you shouldn't need other proof. Historians on the other hand do. This was my only point. I personally need proof for my beliefs, not faith...but that's just me.	AGAINST
370	god	"Lol.. low level debate. Thanks luv, now I know it is actually good.Ideally we should refrain from emitting moral judgments when we don't have enough informationSo how much is enough information?? Do we actually know enough about anything to make the right choice?? You can only make a 100% correct judgement once you know EVERYTHING.. not just about one thing, but everything about everything... i.e. omnipotence. Because with that knowledge you would know the reaction to your action 100%.When religious people seek answers in prayer, the answer has a high chance of just being a subjective personal intuition. If religious people would really look for answers they would have to start by first questioning the very existence of god, and requiring proof.Ofcourse it MIGHT be subjective personal intuition. Someone would only every give their opinion. If somebody came and asked you about God, don't tell me you'd say He exists... or give strong points to His existance. In the same way youve got as much subjective personal intuition.. even though I know you like to think you don't. Religious people tend to be religious after having looked at answers or accepting answers. Nobody is religious without thinking about it atleast once in their lifetime.Slavery - You're telling me it's wrong?The economical benefits they provide.. manual labour.. make lives easier for their owners etc. I'm not one to agree with it.. but you con't tell me there's no positives to slavery.I do not agree with it, not because of some ""personal ideology"" but because I believe all human beings to be equalContradiction. Believing all human beings are equal is an ideology.In your example of a country that bans homosexuality, I would also find that rather disgusting - how can it be right to judge a person by what he/she does in bed? are they harmful to society? how?It's disgusting to you?? Homosexuality itself is disgusting to me. Not because of God or what my parents say. Again when it comes to gayness.. my reasoning will seem absurd and easily arguable.. but I think I'm right when it comes to it. But YOU reasoning that people should be able to do whatever they want to aslong as they think it doesn't affect anybody is selfishness to the maximum.I'm a bigot huh? you're obviously completely tolerant of religious people. It's a shame.. I thought you were intelligent at the start."	FAVOR
371	god	no no no you missed the point in that part. the point was I was saying that there are flaws in the bible ... saying that there have been other accounts of floods due to different gods in different religions ... try reading a little slower =/	FAVOR
372	god	Granted that science never 'proves' theories, it merely rejects theories which have been falsified, but that's kind of a minor clarification.You have to admit that the above comment (while poorly constructed) does have a point insofar as the existence of an omnipotent being would mean that the so-called immutable laws of physics would be more like traditions of physics given that they could be 'over-ruled' at will.  If the object of science is to whittle away false theories in order to leave behind the theories which can't be falsified, then the existence of an omniscient being would defeat that purpose (since it could falsify any theory).	AGAINST
373	god	we are only human how do we know what sience is. sience could be god working.	FAVOR
374	god	"Why is it better to believe ""in something"" (what does that even mean?) than not believe ""in something""?"	AGAINST
375	god	"""We want there to be a god, but in order for a god to be real, everything we know about science would have to be wrong.""This is simply a restatement of the previous argument, which is nothing more than an unsupported assertion.  There is no reason to suppose that science would have to be dropped if God is real.  Indeed, modern science exists precisely because early scientists believed in God.  They believed that the world, and by extension the universe, was rational, ordered and knowable precisely because God created it that way.One may well reject the idea of God but the (non) argument above does not provide support for doing so."	FAVOR
376	god	Till the sun starts expanding, I think. That always kept me up at night as a child--The whole world will burn away.I'll tell you my answer to that question, which combines my religious beliefs and my career aspirations age four. We're supposed to go there. We're supposed to go into space, to explore, to learn and to discover. Humans are supposed to spread out and see new sights, reach new horizons. When we get on a boat and sail halfway around the world, when we build submarines and underwater research labs--when we walk to a part of town we haven't been before, we're doing what we're supposed to do. That's a part of the human condition. G-d just made all that stuff so that we'd have someplace to go next. When that's all explored, I have no doubt that there'll be some other world to discover.	FAVOR
377	god	Einstein's statement reflects his view that the universe could be explained in an experimentally deterministic way. He spent his last years in life trying to come up with a unified theory of physics because to him the notion of quantum uncertainty was so unsettling. The next great discovery in physics will likely a unified theory (after we find the Higgs boson of course). Regardless, Einstein's view has more to do with a certain view of nature rather than the existence of a   god   that shapes all things with some omnipotent guiding hand. 	AGAINST
378	god	I think many people have decided god does not exist becasue many attributes assigned to god have been successfully explained by science. god doesn't have to exist to explain earthquakes, asteroids, lightning, etc.	AGAINST
379	god	That makes a lot of foolish people in the world billions of foolish people.The point in the blind man analogy was not to explain anything about God it was to show that a blind man cannot see blue and I cannot see God but I believe in God since I was raised to believe that way and that a blind man was raised knowing that the ocean is blue and the sky is blue.	FAVOR
380	god	"In the car analogy, ""crashing"" together is instantaneous.It took literally trillions of years for our universe to become the way it is and throughout that time things have gradually developed. Human life didn't spawn out of nowhere, that's what YOU believe, that man was crushed from dirt, if you actually believe Genesis. What science actually supposes is that multiple forms of life exist down to the simplest level, we've recorded and documented the process of evolution in current years, there are fossils that point exhaustively at a common ancestor, and that life gradually developed up to our level, each predecessor and prototype sustaining itself."	AGAINST
381	god	"It is good to get back on track. ;) If they're NOT, then why have they 'used' God?I honestly think that the answer is a simple lack of education. Whereas before people had to be threatened with floods and the wrath of a god to compel them to change their ways, now that we have more understanding about the world, we are able to find logical conclusions as to how we should act in certain situations. we are now able to think more critically about issues because we have more knowledge. Regarding the questions you post on the thou shalt not kill example, using the concept of god inhibits our critical thinking about how to solve such situations. The ""word of god"" is usually not enough to address such issues about euthanasia, abortion in case of rape, killing in war, or self defense. I seriously doubt that god will tell us the right answer no matter what. Whereas we can be allowed to arrive at logical conclusions about the issues of killing on a case to case basis, I dont think that we can know god's answers about these issues based on things that were written hundreds of years ago. Unless, again, you can prove that you have a direct line to god and that he is telling you what to do. This would be very subjective and you would have a hard time applying it to all of society. There was a case in Nicaragua a couple of years ago, where an 11 year old girl was raped, and because she had reached puberty, she got pregnant. In Nicaragua, people believe that the bible is the word of god. Churches of different denominations interpret this word for the people. However, the god had not mentioned anything about what to do in this situation... no mention of abortion. So churches, who claimed to know what god was saying, launched a fierce campaign against the abortion of the child... based on the fact that if the bible (the word of god) said thou shalt not kill then this applies in any situation and we shouldn't think critically about each issue and respond to it accordingly. The girl was 11 years old and incapable of taking care of the baby. The family of the girl lost the support of the community because they wanted the daughter to abort. The girl did not even understand what was going on. .... Anyway, just an example of how claiming that god says something can not be for the greater good. If the girl asks why she shouldn't be allowed to abort the answer will be because god says so. This kind of answer in itself is detrimental to the advancement of our own development of ethics and morality.I don't claim that educated people make good choices all the time, only that when we have more knowledge about situations, our choice will be more informed and this expands the possibility that it will be a better choice than an uninformed one. If we become more informed then we will solve the problem of just being like children who do not understand and need to follow blindly . This may have been the case in times when people thought that the world stood on pilars, but now we don't need more myths, we need more education so we can think critically about the impact of our desicions."	AGAINST
382	god	 God does exist he works in our lives daily and watches over us all the time.	FAVOR
383	god	"As a scientist and skeptic of religion, I am offended by this inane post. Where to start?""everything we know about science would have to be wrong""First, the areas of science and the scientific method that would be affected by a revelation depend entirely on the specific powers of the g(G)od in question.Second, most of what we currently ""know"" as scientists is wrong to some degree. Science is a path to understanding, but don't get on a high horse about how great we are. We are just getting started.""Absent proof that matter and Energy can be created, there is no reason to doubt science in favor of a wish""We know that matter and energy can interconvert. A lot of miracles could happen that way. As pointed out by jdefriez, it is a false premise to say that god is equivalent to the creation of matter and energy.I believe you are refuting a specific God, perhaps the God required to accomplish the literal word of the bible. Even with such an easy target you have mishandled the argument and discredited your own side with your fallacious appeals to authority. You can't even preach to the converted."	AGAINST
384	god	We could blog here all night and all day for years on end and it comes down to this simple conclusion:Atheists believe God does not exist, they are putting their money down on no eternal life. Their payoff they believe is humans living in reality while alive for their short time here on Earth. Here is their problem, what if God does exist? They have basically doomed themselves, its their payoff they have been afforded all the information of Christ and have decided that it is mere folly.Christians on the other hand have taken the 50/50 bet. If God doesn't exist they have lived in a fairy tale land for the last 25-50 to 75 years. But given their religions good precepts they have at the least lived a decent and kind life. But then comes the payoff, He does exist, they reap the rewards of their faith and achieve eternal life.I'll take the later. There are no lasting payoffs for Atheism. I'd rather not pay a huge price for the honor of science and theories. What if the atheists theories are nothing really more then explaining God? Isn't that what the weatherman on TV does every night. Everything explained by Scientists could be nothing more then a play-by-play of God. Simply put scientists are nothing more then the Vin Scully's of their field	FAVOR
385	god	"thing about right and wrong- there is no proof to itthats where we differ. religious people base their morality on a ""gut feeling they cant explain"". while non-religious people base their morality on actual evidence on whether something is harmful to myself or to my neighbor. It is quite a simple way to find out what is right or wrong without the need for a direct phone line to god. the knowledge of right or wrong does not require god. you say that you agree with god when you acknowledge that alcoholism is bad for you. i say that actually ""god"" agrees with you and science. there is no need for god to tell you alcohol is wrong. you know it is a harmful substance to your body. but thats it... end of story. this ""downward spiral"" is just a spiral in the minds of religious people who see their morals (that have no actual basis) become eroded. i see nothing wrong with this. as long as the morality we are acquiring is one infused with tolerance and love for ourselves and our neighbor."	AGAINST
386	god	"To me, I saw laws of nature and existence all around me. There are physical and mathematical laws the govern the universe and they are in place and absolute. These were in place before we got here. Where did these ""intelligent"" and ""Complex"" laws of nature come from? Think about it.Keith"	FAVOR
387	god	I think that their is something after death I would like to believe that it is Heaven and that the Lord and God are both waiting for me when I pass	FAVOR
388	god	"I'm really struggling to reconcile the notion of ""free will"" with the idea that God has a divine plan for us. As far as I can see, only one of them can be right. Which is it?"	AGAINST
389	god	even those who say they believe it   god   do not believe they are just frightened to what will happen to them when they die.I do not thing a   poll   is correct.They have not asked everyone.	AGAINST
390	god	"If ""it"" is used properly it could either mean, life or believing in God.So there are two different questions here...&gt; Is life spent believing in God worth the belief in God?or&gt; Is life spent believing in God worth life?I'll stick with the latter... This is a value comparison essentially between a persons life, where they do believe, and a person's life where they don't believe.There is no way to qualitatively measure the worth of someone's life without factoring in happiness and suffering. Would the person with no belief in God suffer less than the person with faith? Would the person with no faith be happier, over all? I don't think the question can be answered. No matter which way you look at it, though, it's life, and there's nothing greater than life... Life with or without the belief in a god is still life. Anything beyond that is a value comparison with no way to evaluate each way of life, so if your argument lays claim to any idea of a life or life style's value it becomes about as valid as you see the belief in God."	FAVOR
391	god	Yes. I am from a christian family. LIke someone else sais, science and religion sholdn't be compared. I was in a hristian school as a child and we had scinece class every day.	FAVOR
392	god	Its sad that the (no its not side) is winning, God has made such a great impact on my life IT iS WORTH BELIVING IN HIM!Are people these days really doubting the belief that there is someone who is more superior than our selves? The world didnt make its self, and no big bang theorie put the world in the most perfect conditions to where we benefit to every little thing in it. have you ever thought about the structure of a human being, who are you gonna say put that together, the big bang? Those scientist and their predictions, they aren't nothing but human beings just as confused as me and you. Humans have the natural tendacy to be curious, so we come up with answer for everything. This is sad, people you need to believe that there is a god. Im not good at making people believers and i really wish i could pursuade you, because through my eyes there is no other reasonable way other than a god that made this world what it is.	FAVOR
393	god	Before I start, I think it's best to inform you that I had a strong Christian upbringing and   education  , so I am quite well versed on the Bible. The difference between you and I is that at one point I actually decided to use my brain and to be honest, I couldn't be happier!There you go with that specious reasoning again! You might want to look up it up before responding next time. I actually feel sorry for people like you who tie their lives to a myth. That's one thing you Christians tend to overlook. The reality is that you do not need a book to tell you the difference between and right and wrong. Granted, there is a lot of value in the message that the Bible spreads (and, sadly, a lot of hatred as well.... see the Old Testament) but it doesn't make the stories any truer. You might want to consider that notion. It's quite liberating I assure you.I think it's fantastic that your niece went to Africa to help out however you are devaluing the work that she has done and the good person that she is by implying that she is doing it because God told her to.For the record, my home is in England. I'm sure I can find some disadvantaged   children   there too if I look hard enough. I fail to see what point you're trying to make though...	AGAINST
394	god	There is no reason why I should. There is no evidence for the existence of a God. The belief would not improve my life at all. I would feel like a child that holds on to belief in Santa even though he sees his parent stuffing the stockings. God is for the weak and indoctrinated.	AGAINST
395	god	"Science deals only with the creation. It cannot deal with the creator because the creator exists outside the box of creation that   science   is trapped within.The best science can do is say once there was a ""big bang"", something happened and a bunch of   energy   exploded into what we know as reality and cooled and formed the universe and created laws of physics that we have discovered.Science cannot tell us what went bang nor why it went bang."	FAVOR
396	god	Mass suicides is a completely modern and retarded thing for a VERY minor percentage of the population.. that REALLY shouldn't be used as an example specially when it's with the brainwashed... NO CULTS SHOULD!! GRR!!The followers of non-abrahimic religions cannot be expected to know everything scientifically just as we don't know everything scientifically. You're right, their rituals weren't 'scientifically' correct but not everything we do know is 'good' either. This whole global warming fiasco is something we're all contributing to everyday and don't you think that's a whole lot worse than a few 'stupid dances' to make it rain? Why is it that we continue to do all the things damaging the environment even when we KNOW it's damaging the environment? We're much more informed, yet we're doing bad right? If we are much better without God and are able to make better decisions why is it that we seem to disagree more and more?It's all about mentality. Back then, things were a lot more black and white and todays society has created more and more colours, not just because of more information, butit's peoples inabilities to make the right decisions. That is because there isn't really a basis to say whether or not what they want is right or wrong because as you said it's up to people to make the right choice and less and less people are making the right choices.You talked about how Egyptians could've spent their resources better... We're constantly wasting resources, not just on pointless research, but on things which will probably be harmful 20years down the line. Cigarettes, Alcohol, Fast Food, Petrol, CFC's, Waste etc. etc. All societies have their negatives, but I would prefer to dance for rain or bury people in tombs or pray for life than accept sodomy, sell my soul for money, have no respect for myself...	FAVOR
397	god	Religion seeks an explanation for why things happen. Science only answers how things happen.i.e. How did the Earth form?-Well, after billions of years the dust that composes earth eventually clumped together and condensed to form a planet. Some of this dust also made the sun.How did all of this matter come to be?-Billions and billions of years ago, at the beginning of time, there was the Big Bang, where an extremely dense piece of matter that held every atom in the known universe- the size of a pinhead maybe. All of the energy there caused it to explode and from there, galaxies and solar systems were born.Where did the small piece of matter come from? or Why did the Big Bang happen?If you can logically come up with a scientific answer to this, then you are absolutely amazing. How can everything come from nothing? Unless.... God made it! The spiritual being that always was and always will be created everything that never was and will cease to be!	FAVOR
398	god	I think we can see this by looking at previous questions which were answered by appealing to the supernatural. In response to the three components:1) Theories of, or beliefs in, a Divine source constitute the longest standing range of explanations for phenomena like weather, disasters, and other events that have natural explanations. Looking historically it is almost certain that far, far, more people have used divinities to explain things like lightning than have used the modern scientific explanation. Even today, it is possible to find people around the world who hold similar beliefs. The mere fact that a certain kind of explanation has been popular doesn't mean that that class of explanations are good or true.2)A similar point goes for #2. I do not see how he could possibly believe point #2 to be relevant. Theories and beliefs of a divine source for the human species likely constitute the most agreed-upon range of explanations believed by human beings, both historically and today. Regardless of what the good Rabbi's view on   evolution   is, he surely doesn't think that the question of whether evolution is true or not can be solved by polling people. It doesn't make any sense to try to determine if evolution is true by counting the number of people who believe it or don't believe it. Why then, would theories about the origin of the universe be any different?3)Even if current (naturalistic) theories about the source of the universe suffer problems, this is no reason to assume that a divinity must be the answer. As I stated in #1, previously unexplainable phenomena were also explained using supernatural beings. The fact that at various points in history humans didn't have a natural explanation didn't make a supernatural explanation the correct answer. I also am curious as to how exactly God is supposed to solve the problem of existence. It only seems to raise the question of why God exists. If we assume that God simply always existed, why can't we assume that the material universe always existed (albeit likely in a rather different form prior to the big bang)? In other words, if existence requires explanation, then God's existence also requires an explanation and simply saying that God always existed answers nothing; if existence doesn't require explanation, then there is no need to appeal to God as an explanatory force at all. 	AGAINST
399	god	This discussion in about a belief in God.  Yes, science is about observation, pulling together a consensus on what can be observed, experiments that can be replicated, and peer review.  God doesn't fit into this neat little, man defined box, called the scientific method.  So, the whole idea of using science as a method to answer the question of whether God exists is silly.  God has a plan for everyone, but it is up to each individual to have enough faith to believe it.  Using science as a justification to not believe in God is folly, but those who don't have enough faith to believe won't realize it until it is too late for them.  I wouldn't call it wishful thinking.  The beauty and massive complexity of God's creation is enough for me to realize that none of this world or universe could exist by accident.	FAVOR
400	god	"look i for 1 believe that there is a god but i think that all the gods are the same 1 depicted in different ways.1.now lets say god is not real ok? and some 1 goes around preaching his name and helping people and giving people hope he is still a good person and will go were every 1 else goes in the end, 2.if god is real and he dose the man / woman dose the same they go to a nice place and get rewarded.and in point ""1"" if that man did not believe in god he would probably not of done those lovely things and helped the world for the better and the only bad thing he would pf done would be talking to himself a few times a day.also lets face it the Cristian view of death is much nicer than the atheist, and it helps people move on when there family dies, so i think beveling in god any god is better than not beveling at all."	FAVOR
401	god	So here's the situation: You live a life of sex, drugs, and partying (rock n' roll is not a sin). You continue to live without God. You die. Now what? You rot in the ground? What do you have to live for then? What would be the meaning of life to you?	FAVOR
402	god	i think so because if you dont what will you bieleve in.The minimum length for an argument is 50 characters. The purpose of this restriction is to cut down on the amount of dumb jokes, so we can keep the quality of debate and discourse as high as possible.	FAVOR
403	god	This is a cop out of the old question to whether god exists or not. If you want your history books forged and you ability to think for yourself stripped of you, I suggest moving to North Korea. Would believing in Santa Claus your whole life make you a better person, what a stupid proposition. Kids don't start stealing and killing when they find out Santa Claus isn't real. The only surprising part is a child can easily fathom Santa not existing, yet grown adults can't do the same with god. Imagine if a child demanded proof that Santa didn't exist, and claimed that it is better to just believe in him...no i bet you can't imagine such a stupid child...only adults seem to be able to defend such an idiotic concept.	AGAINST
404	god	How convenient it is that God is so complex that we will never be able to apply rational human logic to fully comprehend him. That's a completely ridiculous notion! If we took that approach to   science   we would still be roaming around in loincloths. Great idea! Let's all intelligent thought aside and submit ourselves to God's almighty plan.	AGAINST
405	god	if you believe the bible is wrong what are you going on that god (or a higher being) exists?	AGAINST
406	god	"I to have always had strong beliefs about god and the universe and have as well made my decision about religion and I do not believe in a god. But if matter can not be created nor destroyed, where did it all start out at? The BIg Boom theory states that the universe was like a balloon which under compression finally exploded causing a chemical reaction beginning life in our universe and our universe itself. But something can not come from nothing. How did the first universe come to be? My argument has always been ""we are still discovering this answer"" but i have yet to see scientists evaluate this answer any further than I myself have. Any words of comfort?"	AGAINST
407	god	 You are probably thinking of the God of Christianity or other mainstream religion. I don't believe that god exists. I do however believe in many gods and goddesses but they are NOT benevolent, omnipresent or omnipotent.	AGAINST
408	god	"""But that's not what the Bible says...""You're right. The bible says to kill gays and to kill unbelievers. It preaches hatred and discrimination in the worst way. It pretends that it preaches a holy, merciful message. But it legitimizes hatred, intolerance and murder.The ironic part is your precious Bible isn't even original. Your silly creation stories (yes, your bible has more than one of them) can be found in Sumerian texts that predate the old testament by centuries, even millenia. Which makes sense - the Hebrew tribes would have been decendent from Sumerian tribes. In fact, most of Genesis (the Ark and the flood? Pah-leeze) can be very easily traced to earlier, non-jewish stories.But I'm sure it's just god spreading seeds of dissent to test the resolve of believers. Keep denying logic, fact and the truth of your very existence. I'm sure your god is pleased."	AGAINST
409	god	 I fully agree, there can be no omnipotent God, for omnipotence requires for the ability to transgress the laws of physics, which cannot be done, for no substance made of either matter or energy can transgress the bonds of physics, and existence s defined as something of either matter or energy. If God exists, show me! Concrete evidence, none of the faith argument.	AGAINST
410	god	"Oh well, I would rather be cursed than blessed by a priest.Amen!;)(I joke a little. Really it would depend on what faith the priest practiced and what the curse or blessing was meant to do. But it was a great opportunity to use the word ""amen"" in a totally tongue-in-cheek fashion.)"	AGAINST
411	god	  Fellow naturalist,it is so true about that burden. Now I do ever try to reflect nature not needing God to direct or sustain it.   Faith is not a warrant for belief,contrary to Alvin Platinga, as it is just the we just say so of credullity. It begs the question of God as there is indeed no evidence whatsoever for Him. With Sydney Hook, we naturalist find that science is acquired knowledge while faith begs the question of being knowledge. Faith keeps believers in the darkness of superstition!    We rationalists do not have to be omniscient but to find no evidence for Him as presented and no logic in the arguments for Him.	FAVOR
412	god	I can only hope that if there is a God, he judges you on the ethics of your actions, not on whether you join his creepy, misguided cult. Plus, good non-believers are more moral in principle than those who are good only for the threat of punishment.	AGAINST
413	god	The beginning of time. How did it all start? The Big Bang, right? Okay.... Explain how the Big Bang came to be. Oh right, a very dense piece of matter exploded and created the universe. But wait, how did that piece of matter come to be? There was nothing before it. Oh, that's right. God, the being who always was, created it, fully intending for it to explode and make the universe. Duh.	FAVOR
414	god	Yet Behe's irreducible complexity has never been demonstrated and has no significant support in the Scientific community.  Robin Collins fine tuning is a philosophical argument, not a Scientific one.Science may not have all the answers, but so far it has done a much better job of describing the world around us then   religion   ever has.	AGAINST
415	god	I never said the Bible is 100% true and science must back it. I believe the creation stories and much of the beginning of the Bible to be merely stories meant to make people understand the power and awesomeness of God, not to tell them how the Earth began. They had no idea how it began back then.	FAVOR
416	god	Hold the phone, logical? Could you explain, please?The minimum length for an argument is 50 characters. The purpose of this restriction is to cut down on the amount of dumb jokes, so we can keep the quality of debate and discourse as high as possible.	AGAINST
417	god	Whether a construct labeled Ã’God,Ã“ by humans as an explanation for the origin of the universe exists, or its attributes been accurately described, appears of little import. There is no reliable set of procedures to govern its behavior or its effects on humanity. This is not to say that such constructs have no value There are many theoretical constructs that we put to everyday use Ã electricity, atoms, electrons, etc. I find it very difficult to justify making an unmanageable, invisible, and unobservable phenomenon so much a part of what motivates people to think and behave as they do. Specifically, teaching children to rely on, pray to, or make requests of this construct seems particularly unproductive.Just as new learning in evolutionary biology have opened our understandings of both human motivation and behavior, so too are we discovering that both core morality, and a propensity to respond to supernatural explanations for events is deeply wired in the human brain. 	AGAINST
418	god	Your an athiest for other reasons than that don't kid yourself.	FAVOR
419	god	 Although I never really was religious to begin with, in recent years I began to lean towards a sort of skeptical agnosticism. However, if pressed to choose a side, I would certainly consider myself a basic atheist. I really don't believe in God in the traditional sense-I don't believe that God is an old bearded guy sitting on a cloud that can poof a donkey(for example) into existence. I just feel as if there is less and less reason for me to buy into the snake oil that organized religions try to sell me. I feel very good about my beliefs(or lack thereof)-they feel right to me. However, I am not the stereotypical depressed, bitter atheist that you may see in your mind's eye-far from it, in fact. There are so many other good things to believe in, what should keep me from getting up in the morning?	AGAINST
420	god	Does the ball gain mass?  It is gaining   energy   (potential)Photons have (are) energy, if energy has mass then why don't photons have mass?	AGAINST
421	god	I have never understood why people cannot accept that religion and God exist simultaneously with science. Science explains how things happen, but religion seeks the explanation of why these things happen- something science will never be able to do.	FAVOR
422	god	First off, the mightiness of God does not at all determine his existence; simply- no matter what God is or does, he either exists or does not, and attempting to disprove the bible's God by showing what it inherently is (which does not disprove), doesn't disprove all definitions of God. This being said, we must realize that the utmost strategy of this argument is pathos. It tries to turn your emotions of wanting God to be all powerful into a conclusion for atheism. This argument completely skips logic. Logically we can see that if God exists, and he can in the framework of the bible despite these observations, then atheism is not the best answer. The argument presented here assumes omnipotence and the bible, therefore atheism. It fails to provide ANY logical warrant. It completely skips every other argument, and the simple fact that the arguments are not mutually exclusive. It therefore fails.	FAVOR
423	god	"When Laplace published his theory of the formation of the Solar System, Napoleon Bonaparte asked him where God fit into his theory. Laplace replied, ""Sir, I have no need of that hypothesis.""The answer to your objection should be obvious to logicians: no, it is not absolutely clear that there is no god. Nor is it absolutely clear that there is no Flying Spaghetti Monster or celestial teapot.The answer to ""Is there a God?"" cannot be answered definitively, period. Therefore the atheist position is and must be ""[with the same likeliness that there is no Flying Spaghetti Monster] there is no god."""	AGAINST
424	god	"What evidence is there that everything didnt happen by chance? Dont things happen to people by chance every day, or is everything that happens, good or bad, God's plan? Though i do realize that it ""feels"" good to think that there is a creator than that everything happened by chance, whether or not the former is true is always up for debate. I am currently in a battle within myself, especially after reading Thomas Paine's Age of Reason, even though it is a totally deistic view of religion. The FACT is, God didnt give us a book called the Bible, the Catholic church found the Books in the Bible and decided which books would be called the Word of God, with no chance of debating the actual existence of such a thing."	AGAINST
425	god	Nobody broke the law in Florida that's why the teachers where exonerated. The teachers who where being prosecuted by a wing nut weren't even the ones who asked to pray it was a member of a church. Remember this was off school property and the teachers where off school time they were there in support only. And it was in a church. Put aside any religion on this, this was a impediment on the first amendment. You and I have debated many things on this lets just agree to disagree I'm not forcing anything thats not my style and it shouldn't be anyones style. Talking about just the fact that on a daily basis that we are losing freedoms everyday and that a something like this would have gone as far as it did is ridiculous not to mention the tax dollars spent for the courts.	FAVOR
426	god	hmmm - what argument would you use to prove them wrong exactly? since that is what we are interested in here...	AGAINST
427	god	Why not give the judgment of charity and not condemnation. Wouldn't you expect that if you were visiting a foreign country?	FAVOR
428	god	"""First, what is the difference between the Unified Force and God?""The OT, NT, and the body of Christian Theology.It did not create man out of clay, build a garden, drown everyone, part the Red Sea, send it's only son...""Second, what caused the Unified Force to break itself apart?""The cooling / expanding universe.The unified force did not create anything, it was just the force that acted on matter before the universe cooled to the point that it decayed."	AGAINST
429	god	Your premise for this argument has not even been proved. You presuppose the fact that God transcends natural laws when many religions believe that God rules by natural laws that transcend Him. This is your fundamental failure in all the arguments provided, which means, in essence, all of your arguments fail.	FAVOR
430	god	I must argue here, although, to comfort you believers, I do sometimes doubt my atheist views. How can you prove god to be all loving and forgiving, yet claim he eternally punishes people in hell? What if God lied; what if Lucifer was good and God bad, yet God won so he got tell the story. You cannot prove God, just as much as I cannot completely disprove God. This argument will lead no where. My point is, if you argue for God's existence based on the bible alone, then you have a flawed argument. The bible was written by men, so it is flawed itself and not reliable. One more thing, here is an interesting correlation. As science has improved and knowledge increased, religion and god become less and less fact. Interesting, yes?	AGAINST
431	god	In spite of the complete and total, whole wrongness of your assertion, God still doesn't exist.	AGAINST
432	god	 God does exist man	AGAINST
433	god	"Let's play your game, shall we...&gt;So here's the situation:-&gt;You live a life of:--&gt; sex--&gt; drugs--&gt; partyingAlright...-&gt; You continue to live without GodAlright...-&gt; You die.Ok.-&gt; Now what?According to observation, the body decomposes.You rot in the ground?It depends on where you put the body, I guess, or where you die. Most people don't die in the ground. What do you have to live for then?Nothing, you just made me assume that I'm dead. Part of living for something is being alive. Dead things aren't alive, it's part of it's definition. What would be the meaning of life for you?Dead things cannot know the meaning of anything, because they are not conscious. The question wouldn't be applicable to me either though, because you address me as ""you"", which is the way you would address a conscious being that is aware of itself as a component of it's environment. In fact, it's odd but you've been calling ""you"" since my death as though I was still alive, even though you were the one that claimed I was dead.Is it our fault that you assume a dead body possesses the capability to answer questions?;PIn all seriousness though, you're asking the wrong questions. When you come to a middle ground for discussion you should be ready enough to know that there are answers that are unlike your own. This isn't a place for you to preach to everyone."	FAVOR
434	god	i think this   science   you so much trustv in  is just a humanly way of understanding whats around us ang it is a way of getting around the truth, but God loves u all anyways :) 	FAVOR
435	god	My entire family and friends circle is religious and believes in God, but I do not. Being this really IS an ambiguous question, if we did this statistically with the world's viewpoint, it'd be what? 90:10? Something of that sort, and thus God exists simply because 90% of the world believes he does. As I said, even though I'm not religious, I spend a lot of my time analyzing the origin of religion and how and why people prefer it so badly. I personally don't think he exists because I overall don't care. I don't see a point to wanting to believe he exists, because I'm completely fine as a human being without his existence to me personally. However, I also think he is merely a mythological creation. We've got all those fairy tales that make up the world of Disney, that are so incredibly famous because they all have one thing in common: a happy ending. And that's why I think people cling to religion like they cling to a good fairy tales... because the idea of death and dying sucks so much, everyone likes the idea of life continuing on... in heaven! The land with no boundaries! But really, in a sense, I'd believe in God the same way I believe in Santa Clause, but I'm too rationalized to see the point in doing so.Also, like someone else said, I believe the idea that the bible and religion were started when they were because perception was limited. In the times of the bible, there's not one mention of the planets, or microorganism, and that was because they were out of their ability to see. Instead, they decided a sickness was granted because of God, or a meteor was punishment because of God. It was an easy way to believe why everything was happening... because of the act of just ONE entity.Now, if anything I said was truly accurate, my only question is why all these religious people don't step out of their boxes and agree with me. But they don't. And that alone makes me question how wrong I could be about it because can 90% of the world really be that... different? That close minded? That much of a follower? But then again, everyone thinks Disneyland is the happiest place on Earth too, so maybe it's a lost cause. 90% of the world just really might be that alike.	AGAINST
436	god	"Here we have 2 option to believe or not to believe and both can't be proven to 100%.____________________________________________________________ In case 1: God Don't Exist...You can ask then who created god...u ask for evidences some even ask for photographs...but that doesn't prove god dont exist... science say that world came to existence thru bigbang and life through evolution(disputed theory). but for the bigbang the first mass was neccessary and for evolution the first environment that initiated it. For a big bang also a first initiation was required...as science say nothing starts without something starting it or nor do it stop until some one stops it._________________________________________________ Case 2: God Exist: Claims that nothing can be created by its own, and rather than believing that things was came to existence by its own its logical to believe god exist... Because if a friend visited my home and see my new computer and ask me "" Wow, where did u get that?"" and if u i answer him...""oh that, ya i had some waste metals, plastic, silcon board etc in my garage and it gradually in years evolved into a PC that works"" what will be the response? BULLSHIT right?!! Its greater bullshit say that man with complex anatomy and high grade intelligence came into existence by chance and probability. Its just and escape from the real scene.... ""Let us give chance the unbelievable number of attempts of eight trillion tries per second in each set! At this speed on average it would take l0 raise-to 147 years to obtain just one stable gene.""u call this science??!So when both the side are in shadows it logical to go by that make a little sense.____________________________________And many of the Holy Books prediction has come true!!!"	FAVOR
437	god	Go thru some of these websites.      /    /            or get your own Bible that answers many of the questions.  Here is the Amazon link    	FAVOR
438	god	Simple, we've documented evolution in current years. We've seen it happen. Yes, the chances are very small that something will successfully evolve which is why it takes millions of years for new species to arise.For example, the monkey family has an extra set of chromosomes. WELL GOD MUSTA DID IT! No, occasionally in evolution, a set of chromosomes will become fused. Chromosomes have end caps on them to tell RNA where to stop coding. Chromosome 3 in our genome is actually a smashed together 15 and 16 from the monkey family, proven by the matching DNA and the site on the chromosomes where there are two end caps are illogically joined. Then there's fossils and anthropological remains to show the progression. That's how. Do your research.	AGAINST
439	god	"Let's be frank here. Over the past ten millenia mankind has created in excess of a thousand gods. Ultimate gods, pantheons of gods, nature gods, fertility gods, vengeful gods, merciful gods, gods that sleep with humans, gods that walk amongst humans, and gods that commit genocide.To actually entertain a theist when they say ""I don't believe in those 1,000 gods, they are clearly false and wrong, but I believe in this one God, with absolutely no more evidence than any of those others"" is ridiculous.I give as much credibility to the silly notion of a christian god as I do to harry potter and Zeus. All of them, entertaining works of fiction.The christian god is just another mark in the book of gods, and will fade with time (like every single god man has worshiped has)."	AGAINST
440	god	Rabbi, I am not sure whether you're aware of the purpose of debate. Let me clue you in: to present arguments which make a case for your side. Aside from your rather strange attempt at claiming that popular belief in some kind of   god   gives the idea credibility, I've seen no such attempt by you. Most theists at least try to come up with a logical argument to make their pre-existing beliefs seem viable, but you seem to have given up before you've even started!Instead, you've apparently come to the debate with the arrogant conclusion that you don't need to make any serious attempt at rationalizing belief in god. Why?Your claims about faith seem a little odd as well, less of an argument and more of an excuse. Why, if you are so willing to believe and base your life off of faith in a god without any evidence, why not believe in anything without evidence? Don't believe in the Flying Spaghetti Monster? Why not? Where is the difference?I'm almost ashamed the atheist side (which, by the way, atheists generally do not believe there is no god, but instead simply have a lack of belief--shame on the way this debate was set up, as well) didn't have a remotely serious opponent.	AGAINST
441	god	 God has been around a lot longer than this debate!	FAVOR
442	god	The way I view religion is... I just need proof.I don't think any religion is specifically wrong... don't think any are right. I don't think that science is right.Until I can see for myself what lies in the afterlife, I will not believe one way or the other.Therefore, it is not worth it because I would most likely be wrong and that would be a waste of life... and very disappointing.If I don't believe in anything without specifically turning away from anything, I figure things will turn out for the best.	AGAINST
443	god	Ignorance is not evident? Well apparently it is because it's showing up all over your comment. :) Ok. Just a 'breaking the ice' kind of  intro. Jesus Christ dealt with men/women like you very often during His time here on earth. I could in many manners reprimend you but suggesting an alternative belief for you in the 'Crishtianity' realm is obviously not what you are trying to here; therefore, we'll just let Jesus do it later. (another funn) :) God Bless even you-- 	FAVOR
444	god	More and more respected academics are seeing the immense flaws in the evolution argument. Problems involving irreducible complexity, the impossibility of forming proteans from amino acids without the guidance of DNA, the huge gaps in the fossil record among others are starting to be reasoned upon. Although many in the scientific community have posed counter-arguments, these often have minimal empirical evidence and are usually the result of a macrocosmic repression of the implications of these anti-evolution arguments.Although neither I nor anyone else can easily prove the existence of a God in a tangible way, Intelligent Design is quite evident and provides a much more scientifically sound argument than the statistically improbable and flawed reasoning of the evolution argument.Unfortunately, it is so easy to only see the evidence which is most convenient for us, thereby leading us to a divided scientific community, and thus divided society on the matter of the existence of God.	FAVOR
445	god	i too believe in god but its just r imagination or it is just in d minds of people who cannot actually do anything without d concern of others, & as it is quite insulting to ask someone every time about everything they do,even though he/she is v.close to us.So old people considered a mythic person to tell 'em wat to do or wat not to do but it is their heart who orders 'em to do d job.And these mythic persons r d great people who once lived on earth & brought glory to the society and altogether every society or religion has a HERO ,so these men & women OR in other words GODS & GODESSES r still considered alive in their spirit or ghost forms.Wat do people actually do? at d time of crisis or according to students like me, v remember god at d time of exams only.Well,if v see through d indian culture,people put a type of powder on their forehead v which is made of sandal wood,wat people think is dat it purifies their body sins & apply it on d forehead and neck but d main reason y this is done is not seen by d indians. As sandal wood cools d forehead and d neck old people living in past said it was something done for so called the god. So it is simple to understand dat this all was only & only about logic.It is just about d scientific reasons which has forced d people to take it in a way dat is interesting & entertaining too.I still believe dat god does not exist but i will continue to worship it coz it is like a friend who tells me everything or it is just my own conscience.	AGAINST
446	god	Kinda,I almost guarantee Lawnman understands your debate just fine. He's pretty bright.I know I understand this debate just fine.but your description does indeed show your hand that you believe in a god. Though attempting to be altruistic in that you say as your example the author of a religion does not himself believe it,the assumption of the reasoning behind an author of religion if there is no god to author it them self (that people were out of control) is both unknowable, and quite debatable.There is no way to know if 1. whether people ever stopped acting out of control because of the introduction of a god. 2. whether people would stop acting out of control because of the introduction of a god as opposed to any other method of persuasion.The assumption that even if there were not a god, there must at least be a reason to believe in a god,is a deep deep indoctrination within all but a small small percent of humans on earth.It shows you believe in a god.I submit that laws work just fine in and of themselves. People do not need now, and never have needed a god or hope of eternal life or fear of eternal damnation. That religion is a decoration and another means of power, sometimes good, sometimes bad, but unnecessary either way.You want atheists to argue while accepting a premise that most of us do not accept at all.I not only believe a god is not for the greater good. I don't believe it ever would be under any circumstance. Not even the circumstance you wrote in the debate description.	FAVOR
447	god	 Give me proof...any proof that'd sustain a scientific test and I will believe in god.	AGAINST
448	god	God is there!!I have myself felt that there is some power in the universe which drives us to the good path!!---philip foreclosed homes 	FAVOR
449	god	Religion has always been a point of argument for human beings. Sometimes, even leading to war, such was the case with the Crusades. What is the point of arguing about something that we're not sure is even there? Sure it may be a strong belief, but why must you live your life by a two thousand year old book?The Bible is outdated. It is two thousand years old and over a billion people live their life according to the standards set forth in said book. Books should always have more editions, especially for one that hasn't gone out of print for the last two millenia. It doesn't tackle issues like healthcare, the environment or a democracy. Even if it does, it barely goes into any detail. What I'm trying to say, is that people should stop fighting over and discriminating each other according to what religion they are, but to instead, respect each other for out own, independent character, not by what outdated book they like to read.	AGAINST
450	god	No, it's not an impediment to the First Amendment in any way, shape, or form. No one is being restrained from practicing or believing in their religion in any way. You just can't use the authority of the state to force your religion on other people. That is in fact what the First Amendment says. What on earth is so difficult about that to grasp?Whether the students are on school property or off it is irrelevant. Whether the activity is school-sponsored or not is the critical issue. If your daughter gets raped on a field trip you can goddamn well still sue the school. If your son cracks his skull open during a school-sponsored extracurricular, you can damn well still sue the school. And if teachers start imposing prayer on students at a school-sponsored event, you can damn well still sue the school, because the school is responsible for a civil rights violation.	AGAINST
451	god	"Because, in accordance with your very own words in your other rebuttal, if someone believes in a fairy tale, they're nuts, right? They're not worth treating with respect. SOÃ‘if Jesus not only believes in God, but believes He IS God, well, he'd be the king of the schizophrenicsÃ‘why would anyone say, ""Yeh, he's pretty great, but he's not God.""????? You either believe all of it, or none of it.Again,Ã’Give not that which is holy unto the dogs, neither cast ye your pearls before swine, lest they trample them under their feet, and turn again and rend you.Ã“I needed to be reminded of this."	FAVOR
452	god	"I was under the impression that Bhagavan Vishnu was a god in the religion Hinduism and I guess its been awhile since I last checked so is Hinduism no longer in India ?Second ever read the epic of Gilgamesh? Utnapishtim ( I definitely don't remember how to spell his name ) tells Gilgamesh a story of how he obtained eternal life through surviving a flood that killed all men across the earth except for those that had been on the boat which I believe were his family and some animals ... that is a poem from Mesopotamia which I believe held the worlds first civilization, the Sumerians. The Epic of Gilgamesh was written between 2750 BC and 2500 BC ( or BCE which ever you prefer ). Their is also ""The Five Worlds adn Their Suns"" mentions the gods punishing the people with a flood and do not tell me that the Aztecs copied off of the Sumerians.I do believe that the points you stated regarding my 2nd paragraph were undebatable. Cheers"	FAVOR
453	god	 Though i like to see some films or read some stories about the god, but i really think the god does not exist unless i become the richest person tomorrow for my praying,LOL~~~~  /> 	AGAINST
454	god	"What you've done is set up a straw man and knocked him down.  You basically assert, with no support, that if there is a God, ""laws would work in a helter skelter manner.  There simply is no rational support for such an assertion.  Therefore, you're presented nothing but an assertion, certainly not an argument.  I stand by my statement."	FAVOR
455	god	I only joined to say this.I think God exists since it was beaten into my brain as a kid and now i believe it to be true now that I'm an adult	FAVOR
456	god	Ã’Saying that   science   disproves   god   is an asinine statement. What has science proven that the earth revolves around the sun and that all living things are made of atoms and such. religion has never claimed to have the answers of why things are the way they are.Ã“Explaining why things are is a huge part of religion.  The entire first book of the Bible is devoted to explaining why things are the way they are on earth.Ã’Holy scriptures are written by man and they transform it as they see fit. But this is not definite proof that there is no god. science can only prove what is seen.Ã“ The burden of proof is on those who believe in God(s)Ã‰ not on those who do not believe.If I tell you that there are magic unicorns running around do you accept that statement just because you cannot disprove it?Ã’There are many things going on in the universe that are unseen look at black holes we know they are there but we can only speculate on how they function.Ã“We have some very strong math that describes black holes.Ã’As far as science has gone it is really only within the scope of our corner of our galaxy. Which is a tiny fraction of the whole universe.Ã“Science can observe the entire observable universeÃ‰ and in doing so we see that the laws are consistent.  We can observe the chemical composition of distant stars, and even observe the motion of planets as they orbit other stars.Ã’We see things on such a small scale that most of the things we have proven may not conform to the rest of the universe.Ã“As stated aboveÃ‰ what we observe is consistent, the laws we see here on earth are the same laws found in the Andromeda galaxy and beyond.Ã’We don't even know what is at the very bottom of our own oceans how can we claim that we know if there is a divine being or not.Ã“Yes, but that same logic says we cannot claim that there are no elves.Ã’There is no proof on either side just because there is a god does not disprove science and vice-versa.Ã“Science is just a process, not really something that can be proven or disproved.  However the evidence of itÃ•s accuracy is right in front of you.  The computer that you are using to read this was built and operates on Scientific principals.Ã’As speculated(and i mean a theory that is currently trying to be proven) the universe is moving apart. Scientist have known this for a long time the universe is expanding right now but they assumed that one day that the universe would collapse in on itself. Ã’Actually that was never the consensus.  The collapsing universe was only one of three considered outcomes (the other two being equilibrium and infinite linear expansion).  Ã’Scientists now believe that the universe is expanding and will continuing expanding for eternity since gravity loses its strength the farther objects get from each other(duh).Ã“The current theory is that the rate of expansion is increasing.Ã’So this puts a big question on the big bang theory. Scientists believed that the mass that existed before the big bang was from the universe before and that it collapsed in on itself.Ã“The Ã”cyclical universeÃ• hypothesis never moved beyond itÃ•s preliminary stagesÃ‰ and was not universally accepted (though it was seen as a possibility).Ã’But saying that there is a scientific explanation and only a scientific explanation. Is like saying that since there is life on earth that it came from a meteor( i'm not sure this is a good analogy but i couldn't think of a better one).Ã“Do you have another explanation, one that has some physical evidence to back it up?  Or do you have evidence that falsifies current theories but supports your own.Ã’We know so little about the world around us that it is stupid to say that on the little information we have that there is definite proof that god doesn't existÃ“As I stated aboveÃ‰ using that logic I could claim that elves existed then demand that you prove they donÃ•t.	AGAINST
457	god	I think we have different understandings of what a religious society leads to. I don't blame you but that's simply because you're basing your thoughts on history, but moreover history of certain religions as Christianity, Islam and (not so sure) Judaism. However what would you say to a Buddhist society? Or a Hindu society? Certain religions have been detrimental, but imo other religions, some extinct, some not, did not have the problems you've described. egyptians? Ancient chinese and indian? ancient greeks etc. etc. They were all deeply religious societies (correct me if I'm wrong) which did not have the same borders as you're describing (again correct me if I'm wrong).	FAVOR
458	god	Unless I've missed something, you've started out by saying that because humans have believed in gods for a very long time, it must be true.Does it not matter that we've also believed in a very long list of things (ghosts, world being flat, monsters, etc) that have been proven wrong? And don't you think it a bit odd that, if popular belief in a   god   lends some credibility to the idea of a god, there'd have been an agreed upon god as opposed to everyone disagreeing on how many gods, who, and what there are?How about, instead of using popular opinion as an argument, you actually argue the case for the existence of a god? 	AGAINST
459	god	Get it in to your head Jesus was not a christ he was just an ordinary man going around with a lot of men, making magic which at that time people would believe all they were told and thought it was true. God is supposed to be invisible knows everything, let him stop wars then, stop   poverty  ,stop priests abusing   children  ,   islam     women   burning themselves to death for fear of what their husbands will do to them. People are still trying to get on the band wagon and make themselves important. Even some will confess to a   murder   they have'nt done to get notarity. Why does your   god   hate me so, i dont hate him. No answer to that I suppose. If a priest told you that he had seen Elvis Presley lat week would you believe him. Well maybe you would after all he only speaks gods word.	AGAINST
460	god	just making random statements is not an argument in support of the question - if you just want to say you believe in god, go to church	AGAINST
461	god	Well, that's a pretty lame explanation.  Who is   god   trying to impress, himself or us, by creating a universe with billions of galaxies. Just one, the Milky Way, with its 200 to 400 billion stars, would have been impressive enough, particularly since we only realised there were more than one galaxy only in the early 20th century, and we are most unlikely (what with Einstein's special theory of relativity, of even visiting the nearest star (other than the sun).  Whatever good qualities you find in the   bible   (and I admit Proverbs generally is pretty good), it is still a pretty shoddy piece of fiction.  I don't know how you can seriously claim your work of fiction is any truer that the sacred texts of any other   religion   that humans have made up.	AGAINST
462	god	" ""Religion has actually conviced people that there's an invisible man - living in the sky - who watches everything you do, every minute of every day. And the invisible man has a special list of ten things he does not want you to do. And if you do any of these ten things, he has a special place, full of fire and smoke and burning and torture and anguish, where he will send you to live and suffer and burn and choke and scream and cry forever and ever 'til the end of time... But He loves you!""   /> George Carlin"	AGAINST
463	god	" That is no unsupported assertion, goodwyne, as the evidence supports it: were matters different that the laws work in  helter-skelter manner, then one might posit God as Victor Stenger notes in "" Has Science found God"" and ""God: the failed   Hypothesis."" One engages in a petitio in finding God to sustain Existence. It was not necessary that those scientists thought Him making the ""Comprehensible Universe [ Stenger]."""	FAVOR
464	god	Are you kidding me?Does that mean that PLuto did not exist until   science   discovered it?Come on that is just silly. Of course the agnostic position should be the null position, because we just don't know.But I am on the yes side because I have defined God in such a way as to be quite confident of Gods existence not as a physical entity but as a spirit of truth and righteousness	FAVOR
465	god	" There is no proof for the existance of God.  / And you cannot prove a negative.  /> And given that the burden of proof lies with the person claiming something, we shouldn't have to prove anything.  /> Logical reason is:  /> Person 1: ""I have a baseball""  /> Person 2: ""Prove it""  /> Person 1 pulls out a baseball and thus proves himself.  /> Person 2: ""Awesome, let's go play catch""  />   /> Religious reason  /> Person 1: ""I have a baseball""  /> Person 2: ""Prove it""  /> Person 1: ""You can't prove I don't""  /> Person 2 walks away because that argument is nowhere near substantial.  /> It's as substantial as eating a seed.  /> A single seed.  /> Neither are substanital."	AGAINST
466	god	You mean like the Flying Spaghetti Monster?No. Not without some kind of evidence.	AGAINST
467	god	Countryboy is right. G-d very clearly talks about other Gods, usually Baal. We don't like Ba'al. There are supposed to be other Gods out there who are very powerful supernatural beings--Zeus, Ra, Gozer, etc. But Yahweh, the Jewish G-d, is supposed to be the one who created the universe and sort of maintains it. Different levels. Like, other Gods are players on football teams, but Yahweh is the high commissioner who decides who plays, when and where.	FAVOR
468	god	science has proven that people who have some belief in a diety or higher being live longer, healthier lives, and are more likely to survive a tradgedy (such as an unexpected death, or fatal disease). The study cant tell if in the end what the person believes is actually true, but that doesn't apply in this case; just the simple belief that there is more to life than living and dying is enough to make a life more enjoyable.	FAVOR
469	god	 I don't know why but this topic is always debated..I think this is the matter of faith-things  you believe with no evidence that you cant see.  /> There are more than one religion and that means people believe in different 'gods..	FAVOR
470	god	 I agree with you. Have you ever considered that the delusion of Revelations is referring to the homosexual movement?   Have you ever considered that we are in the end times? I love God. Its obvious you do too. Peace to you. My story at WWW.HOPE7.HIGHPOWERSITES.COMEverything in life is progressing just as it should. I have peace and trust in God, no matter. The bottom line question is not do you believe there is a God, God says all men/woman know it whether they wish to acknowledge is it another matter, but the real question is DO YOU LOVE HIM? I think you do!	FAVOR
471	god	"Reason is the enemy of faith.""Faith is not an emotion. It is objective trust placed in a very real God.""""Don't worry about proving God's existence, because no one can disprove it.""""If you""re wondering how God speaks, commands, and leads-read the Bible.""Nature itself testifies of God existence and so does your conscience.  People who refuse to retain God in their knowledge it is because they don't want to change."	FAVOR
472	god	sure is, if thats what gets you through the night ;)	FAVOR
473	god	"And how do you account for the vast amount of religious people who also commit ""evil""? I argue that determining what is ""right"" or ""wrong"" based on belief is inaccurate and subjective. People do things ""because god told me so"" (no matter what god that is) without questioning why or really thinking for themselves. Scientific reasoning (I do not mean just science but perhaps the use of the scientific method) can lead us to find a ""greater good"" in a more objective way. Why is homosexuality wrong? Why is sodomy wrong? A better measure would be to check whether or not your actions are harmful to you or to others, and then measure your behavior accordingly. This is better than just ""god told me to do it"" which leaves the issue open to having any god tell you any kind of crazy thing ""god told me to go kill the abortionists"". There was actually a case a couple of years ago in one state about a pastor who killed a doctor that was performing abortions. And the congregation supported him. Im sure you will say ""well, that is extreme, bla bla bla"" and make some excuse about how those people were not true followers... but the thing is, religion is subjective and it is left to ones ""relationship with god"". How do you explain to that man that killed the abortionist that his relationship with god is not legitimate? How would YOU argue for that? Do you have a direct line to god? things get easier if we have the means to determine whether our behavior is harmful to ourself or others. Now science can tell us a lot about how to behave in ways that are less harmful to ourself, to the environment, and to society in general. The bible does not say anything about protecting the environment, which is an issue of importance to all of us. But in my personal identification of ""right"" and ""wrong"" I say the overuse of pet bottles is wrong, because Ive learned the effects they can have on the environment. - Just an example. What greater goods have come from the belief in God? I want you to explain to me how religion is NOT subjective. When followers have to listen to a pastor/priest interpret things for them. Or when followers constantly justify their own behavior with an explanation that all that matters is a ""personal relationship"" with God. I really wonder how God is speaking to all these people directly in ways that contradict each other."	AGAINST
474	god	 God existwhy are we here if he doesnt exsite	FAVOR
475	god	There is only one God but what is God?	FAVOR
476	god	"God exists. All ""He"" is, is energy. The energy that makes up everything in existance. Take THAT athiests."	FAVOR
477	god	"Without question God is in favor of men who love him.Well, that's just a crazy bald assertion, and if you want to believe it OK, but it's not a relevant point. Without question Ma'at is in favor of those who follow her laws; without question Juno is in favor of wronged wives; without question Ishtar is in favor of gettin' it on. Those are neat points too, but like yours, not real relevant nor provable as actual fact.Our founding fathers built this nation based on God . . . written into the constitution Well, then, I am REALLY confused as to just what Article VI and the First Amendment are doing in our Constitution. Because the only mentions of ""religion"" that I remember in the Constitution are the one that starts with ""Congress shall make no law respecting the establishment of . . ."" and the one that reads ""no religious test shall ever be required as a Qualification to any Office."" And the word ""god"" doesn't appear in the Constitution AT ALL.I hardly ever see or hear about agnostics giving anything to any charity.I hardly ever see or hear about Christians who aren't pathological. Following your line of ""it's what I want to see therefore it must be true,"" all Christians must be looney-tunes. On the other hand, I know tons of Jews, Buddhists, Hindus, Bah'ai, neopagans, agnostics, and atheists who volunteer in their communities. I'm most certainly not a Christian and I volunteer. Do you actually know any non-Christians upon whom to base an opinion about which religious communities are and are not doing charity work?It's a given fact the Christians . . . It's a given fact that the Christians make crap up and claim it's a given fact. For this we actually do have proof: creationism, for example.If tomorrow God came down and took all the the believers away . . .. . . it would do wonders for the economy. The rest of us will divvy up your property and take your old jobs.But that aside, if tommorrow all the Christians disappeared with their wrongheaded notions about how humanity is at the center of creation and is destined to ""rule"" the earth but is also somehow innately flawed because their god doesn't know how to make people properly, the world would tick along just fine, and I firmly believe that humanity would be far better off without that particular collective delusion. when something bad happens like 9/11So . . . the Christian god and Osama bin Laden sided together on the whole 9-11 thing. Doesn't that sorta suggest that your god has converted to Islam?At any rate, it's pretty ludicrous to assert that if everybody just claps their hands and says ""I do believe in fairies"" loudly enough that your god will keep anything ""bad"" from ever happening. Bad things happen to pretty much everybody, Christian or otherwise. I would hope that your quest for faith would lead you to something with a little more depth than ""eek don't let anything bad get me.""I mean, seriously, did you just put forth the argument that you worship a being who would blow up a building in a fit of pique because not enough people like him? I realize your religious mythos includes Sodom and Gommorah and all that so perhaps it's not inconsistent, but honestly, your god sounds kinda like Timothy McVeigh there, bud. That's not praiseworthy, that's morally reprehensible.Your point there reminds me of a story an anthropology professor of mine used to tell.This professor lived and studied among the Karen people of Tibet, whose traditional religion is more or less a mix of polytheism and animism. One day some Christian missionaries happened along. The Karen don't prothelytize, so at first they listened politely to the missionaries and then told them it was nice that they were so excited about their god. Then the missionaries suggested that the Karen should worship their god too, and the Karen elders weren't so keen on that idea.So after much talk, one of the missionaries told the Karen elders a parable. ""There was a great boat on the ocean, and one man on it was a Christian; and the boat was capsized and sank, but God saved the one Christian man.""So the Karen elders told the missionaries that they wanted to talk among themselves about this parable for a bit, and they would come back with their answer at the end of the day.At the end of the day, after meeting together and discussing the Christian parable, the Karen elders called for the missionaries and told them: ""After discussing your story all day, we have decided that we are not impressed. We have considered the matter very thoroughly, and we are convinced that our gods could have saved all of the people on the boat."""	AGAINST
478	god	Whether or not there is a god doesn't matter.  There is, or there isn't.  What matters is whether the existence of god is relevant to our lives.  Obviously, if there's no god, it is not relevant.Just as clear: if there is a god, we can never know its nature (or alternatively, we can only understand god through faith without proof; same thing.)  This is the only possible way to explain the complete lack of real evidence.If there is a god, but we can never know its nature, then the only way we can get some relevance from god is to believe in a version of god that is relevant.  But this version is a complete guess!  That's self-delusion; instead we ought to just think honestly about what is morally right and wrong.Another way to think about it: if god's relevance is to give us a moral code, then either the moral code is right in itself (in which case we don't need god to get it) or, the moral code is arbitrary and we should ignore it.  	AGAINST
479	god	Don't get so defensive. Quantum is OK the one you have to watch out for is Book. 	FAVOR
480	god	Yes! we have seen very many miracles in the past and from jesus Christ!	FAVOR
481	god	"""If I carry a ball up to the top of a hill does it gain mass?""The ball or the hill?""Does a photon have mass?""No."	FAVOR
482	god	 There is about as much proof that he is real that there is about Bigfoot. Plus I'm sure that if is real we would have figured out by now.	AGAINST
483	god	There presently isn't a single piece of evidence for the existance of a god, so no.	AGAINST
484	god	"I apologize, this is not much of a response to your work. I am tired. I should not really be writing now...but I just want to say a couple of things...the belief in God or a god or gods is quaint. There is now extensive neuroscientific ""evidence"" for ""god on the brain"" which neither proves nor disproves anything much...but it is interesting to see how the brain functions. I take all human knowledge to be human constructions (we can only see what humans can see; we can only hear what humans can hear etc etc). We can only think or imagine what humans can think or imagine. Anything beyond the scope of our brains is by definition unknowable. If there was a god we could not possibly know it. In the same sense that no human being can possibly know everything that is going on in the universe. God, is apparently, bigger than the universe, after all he, she or it made the universe, so he she or it must be bigger (in some sense) and therefore as a mere humanoid I cannot know him her or it. And it would not make a blind bit of difference even if he she or it did exist...the world is just the same...Hamas, Al-Qaeda, the US military all still exist, they are all still torturing and killing each other. All the people doing compassionate loving helpful things in the world are also still there. If god is there or if god is not there...there is no difference. Perhaps, the new US President will help bring some peace into this world, I certainly hope so, but even he cannot bring a non-existent god into existence."	AGAINST
485	god	hmmm.........People will have differences, but what about religions that not only accept other people's beliefs or lack of them?I do not think it's right to accept people for what they are... or SOME people anyway. When it comes to race, nationality, eye colour, hair colour, religions (not cults) etc. people should and do live side by side. Some issues are contreversal i.e. sexuality, cross-gender, physical enhancements etc. which I think should be eliminated.I ain't not hitler dude, lol. I don't have a problem with differences and in touch with points made earlier the religions I am in favour of have always been very tolerant to certain issues, so wouldn't it be better for not just an extremely tolerant religion, but broad, flexible and continuously evolving religion?	FAVOR
486	god	"MRBOOK""No, I say it 'is true' because the evidence strongly suggests that it is true.""What evidence?""I find it rather interesting that you would name ""Debating Design"" then go on to talk about the flagellum... when one of the essays in Debating Design demonstrates how that flagellum is 'irreducibly complex'.""Whats your point?""Yes, but also not very accurate. We do not know how variable gravity can be, it may be that there are only a few possible values for gravity to have. Saying that because we exist gravity must have this value is not a reasonable statement... rather we exist because gravity has that value.""Yes, fantastic so we agree. Gravity is only one of the many examples. And your argument on gravitation is what Collins is saying. Gravity has its exact value, Therefore we exist. Its a measurable parameter. ""I have never been a supporter of the ""Rare Earth Hypothesis""Supporter or not, the evidence is there. and finally a challenge to you. Tell me what of life's origins? Where and how did life come about?"	FAVOR
487	god	Even though I'm against abrahimic religions, I still respect them and find it insulting that they're thought to be as deranged as cults.Obviously you should do the same when choosing your religion. I haven't really got a problem with athiests except when they think they're intellectually superior because they're athiest. They think that only ignorant and stupid people believe in God, and smart person knows that holds no basis, but it's different to say 'there is no God' than saying 'I do not believe in God'. Same goes to theists who say 'there is God' rather than saying 'I believe in God'.Thing about being more educated, it doesn't mean more common sense, which in that video you showed yourself, people are loosing these days. I would say in general the way people are educated, raised these days, they don't have much common sense. That I would say is more important than any education in the world.My argument about the extra inter-species breeding, part lion shit is to do with today's mentality of 'if he wants to, then he should' or 'if it doesn't hurt anybody...' etc. It's a downward spiral that will only lead further and further from the strict 'man and woman have sex for kids'. A bit of leeway is ok. But in todays society... homosexuals? transvestites? transexuals? zoophilia? necrophilia? Where does it stop?? There isn't a limit because we're loosing morals to 'science' or i would say 'freedom'. Right now, zoophilia might be looked down upon, but give it a few years and it will be today's transexuality. Understand that freedom isn't always a good thing. It comes with it's negatives.You're right about that Jesus camp thing. That is brainwashing and I think a lot of Christians themselves would be against it, but it is not God who inhibits the ability to decide for yourselves, but he definately gives the best path and it is for us to decide whether or not to take it, but in the end karma always comes back around. If you have lived a good life (whether or not you believe in God) you will be rewarded and if you have lived a bad life (whether or not you believe in God) you will be punished.It's not ignorance if you agree with God or to have faith in God's word. Take me for example. I know that we would live in a much better world without alcohol, yet I drink it myself. People argue against drinking it. At best people say it should be drunk responsibly. I personally agree with that, yet in my religion you shouldn't drink any. I've had many bad experiences with alcohol.. I'm pretty sure everybody who has drunk it has. Now, would you be better off without alcohol or with it? I SAY without it, yet ACT with it. It's not just God said so... but He is right? Same with smoking (except I don't really smoke).	FAVOR
488	god	They cannot be proven to exist if 1. You do not have instrumentation that can detect them and and relay that information in a manner that our 5 senses can sense them.2. If you do not have that instrumentation tuned into the frequency those   energy   signals are transmitting on. 3. There may be many other energy waves than radio tv infra red ultra violet light rays. Thought waves for example, we cannot even read thought waves who, who knows what other energy signals are out there that we simply cannot detect withn our current detection facilities.Just because you don't know its there does not mean it doesn't exist. 	FAVOR
489	god	Human being just want strong reason for everything. Why I stumbled over that rock? Bad karma, God punished you (or you were too inattentive).Why You got sick? You did not wash your hands day before.Why it rains today? Cyclons and atmosphere levels did that.Why Universe expands? Big bang happend very long time ago.Why this particle appears in so many places at once? Erm.. wait, we still sorting it out.Yes indeed, we do search for meaning all the time. But in most cases it is not needed for everyday life. You'll find meaning eventually when You'll be very passionate about something and/or when you will have strong relationships with someone (friends, family, even with  your cat or dog). They say that death brings meaning of life. Not realy. Death might play some role in valuation. But meaning comes from passions and desires not from cheating death (unless it is not your very special passion). 	AGAINST
490	god	"No, I'm not confused. I think you're unclear on the law.If it was a school function, then it doesn't matter whether or not it was on school property; the critical issue is whether it's school-sponsored.If it was not a school function, then there's no law being violated. If it is a school function, they've got no business holding a prayer circle during it.Again I ask, would you be cool with it if your kids left the school campus for a charity drive and were then instructed to bow to Allah or chant Hare Krishna or spit rum and tobacco in honor of Ellegua? I'm betting the answer is ""no.""Similarly, the Muslims, Hindus, Santeria et. al. aren't real keen on having their kids indoctrinated with foreign faiths.It is flat inappropriate to inject prayer into a public school function, on or off school grounds, period. Prayer is what our churches, temples, synagogues, mosques, and other places of worship are for. It is not what our public schools are for. Pray all you want on your own time -- in your house, on the street, at your place of worship, in your car, in the park . . . pick any event NOT sponsored by state authorities at any location NOT owned or operated by the state, and have at. (Your example fails the first prong: a public school function is by definition ""sponsored by state authorities."") But using the authority of the state to promote or enforce a religious belief is just plain illegal."	AGAINST
491	god	Gravity is a theory.  Ask any scientist.  Then ask them to explain very slowly what a theory is to you.  You'll be a better person for it.  Also, please stop making appeals to ridicule.  It is a logical fallacy, and makes you look like a jerk.Your attempt to disprove Intelligent Design using big words is infantile.  It's also a logical fallacy, known as argumentum verbosium.  You didn't acually disprove anything, you just said basically the same thing I said, and then denied it.  You offered no evidence, you just used a lot of big technical terms and made it a lot longer than it needed to be in the hopes of confusing me.  You failed.  You have disproved nothing.Finally, in your persistance in stating that ID has no evidence, despite the fact that you have disproved nothing and not even attempted to disprove all of the evidence offered, you have shown yourselves to be just as close-minded as the 7-day Creationist who refuses to acknowledge   evolution  .  Do yourself a favor, and go down to your local Community College.  Enroll in two classes, one on the scientific method, and one on rhetoric.  You should come away with that experience with a firm grasp on both what a scientific theory is and why both evolution and gravity are scientific theories, and how to offer up a valid argument without appealing to logical fallacies.  	FAVOR
492	god	Yes, that is a correct observation. But it is merely an observation. For example- everyone has dreams. My dreams are completely different than anyone elses, and the way I dream is completely different. I may think that my dreams are another portion of reality, you may disagree. Does all of this disprove the existence of dreams? One person may never in their entire life dream... does this mean that no one dreams? The truth to this entire debate is that every argument can be answered logically and infinitely, and therefore no logical decision can ever be made. It all has to come down to faith. Either faith in atheism, or faith in theism. That is the key to decision. But how does one acquire that faith? The only way to acquire faith in either direction is either to close your mind and convince yourself, or open your mind, and ask. (this is presupposing the assumption that if God exists, he is a personal God.) If God is there, he will answer. If he isn't, he won't. It's the only way.	FAVOR
493	god	"Science tells us accurately about the effects of certain actions. E.g. smoking, drugs, alcohol, homosexuality, unprotected sex.... etc. But people are still free to make decisions. So sometimes, you have the contradictory cases of doctors who know how harmful it is to smoke, but still do it to themselves. In religion, you run into the same contradictions all the time, especially in cases that in my opinion are more delicate in terms of morality because they are more fragile. The difference is, that religious people have no way to argue for why they should do right, other than to ""praise god"", and then they try to impose it. Christianity is not the only religion. Contrary to your view, there are many gods out there and many types of followers. And the main thing they seem to care about is to argue that their god is the right one, in order to justify why they are following such absurd laws without really thinking them through. In this scenario , how is it that belief in god is for the greater good? which god? Because of religion we are always focused on some sort of afterlife and soul saving exercises that take our attention from establishing a better society for all of us. I think it is an unnecessary distraction, all this god talk. Now going back to science. People are still free to do whatever they want to their bodies, because they own them. However they are not free to do whatever they want to their neighbors body. Thus, it would be absurd to say that a doctor who is smoking in his bedroom is breaking a law. It would be absurd to impose that on him. Same with drinking. Only religion imposes some sort of virtual punishment to these people (here or in the afterlife) taking away their personal freedoms. However, when we are talking about society, we have to make laws based on factual evidence, not subjective feelings about things. Yes people make a ""moral"" choice about things, but this choice doesnt necessarily have to be based on fairy tales. It can be based on scientific evidence. However, what if the doctor was smoking in a public place? In Japan they are already passing laws against smoking in public places (train stations for example). Why? Because we know that second-hand smoke is harmful, and so it makes sense to sanction those who want to harm others with their behavior. Murderers also do things that are harmful to others and should go to jail. Drug dealers, the only reason they are doing something wrong is because it entails an economic transaction outside of government regulation. In Amsterdam, marijuana is legalized, based on the scientific study of the effects, and no one is prosecuting the owners of coffee houses for selling it to costumers. A lot of moral laws of religion overlap with common sense (at least in the christian religion) but a lot do not, and they lead to hatred and discrimination based on nothing more than subjective claims that ""god doesn't like it"". Why is homosexuality wrong? Belief in god entails faith, and faith is the ability to believe in something without evidence. Once you believe in god you start to believe whatever else anyone tells you (including the voices in your head - which are not always good) , and then we are steps away from becoming sheep. Science on the other hand teaches us to question. It gives us facts and then we can know what effects it will have for society. Of course science can say how drug abuse affects a country! Im talking about the scientific method of reasoning. Social sciences based on statistics and other forms of study deal with these problems everyday in every university. I think you are underestimating the value of inquiry and critical thinking. Maybe you are just trying to hold on to your subjective believe that you need god to know what is good or bad for you. In my opinion belief in god does nothing for society. NOTHING. Religion puts a focus on things out of this world in order to give people a drive. Is this good? It is, on a very personal level. The problem is that people assume that it was meant for society. Thats where the Jewish had it right in wanting a messiah who would come and liberate them from the political oppression. And they got rightfully pissed off when they realized that this great Jesus did not give a damn about the world here. He cared about souls. Jesus did not accept the temptation of satan when he offered all the kingdoms of the world. remember that story? What does that tell you? that the world belongs to someone other than god. that god's laws do not apply to this world. that this world is better run without religious beliefs. I also grew up in a christian environment and i feel i know the religion pretty well. But I really find religion and faith lacking in ways to help society improve. They help people be happy, find reasons to live, thank god in the midst of trouble... but leave it there. Denying homosexuals of the right to marry because god sees it as wrong, is bullshit. It is called discrimination. Denying women the right to abort because the fetus has a soul, is another bullshit that we cannot prove. Saying you cant smoke a joint because god wouldn't like it, is retarded. Saying that you shouldn't smoke it cause it kills brain cells is a different kind of choice. Use the bible for yourself. or the Koran. Or buddhist texts. Stop eating meat if god tells you. Cover your women. Tithe 10% of your salary to the church. go ahead, but dont say these things make society better. because eventually what religious followers have to be concerned with is to know and prove others that their god is the right one. that the bible is the word of god. not the koran. argh. The example of a pastor is an extreme one, amongst many of the same nature (but not of the same level) of how people interpret their god given missions differently. sure the bible may not say that. but the bible doesnt say a lot of things either and people read into it. also it happens to say a lot of other stuff that makes no sense but people believe it blindly. i mean, have you ever seen a soul? honestly?? why do you blame that pastor? if religion teaches us to connect to some being outside of us and obey? i think all believers in god are deluded in different degrees. the killer pastor, just another one. anyway. im tired of arguing because it clearly seems to me that you already have your faith based point of view, wanting to see that god's laws indeed apply to this world just because sometimes they overlap. the fact that they do is not enough to continue with such fairy tales. we know have evidence about many things, so we can use our reasoning to value whether or not we should take the blue or the red pill."	AGAINST
494	god	"Aren't you creating trouble for yourself, inupiaqswagger?  If ""Joshua"" is correct, then the other books of the Old Testament are also correct, and the Earth is 6,000 years old.  The way scientists would date soil is by the age of organic matter in it by means of carbon-14 dating, and for this dating to correspond with the biblical chronology it would have to be reliable.  Which would mean that other dates given by C14 dating would also be correct including the ones of 40,000 years (which is at least 6 times the biblical age of the Earth).  I don't know how reliable the science is (I did a Google search, and the only links were back to your comment).  I'd be interested if you could provide a link to the report.Hezekiah's tunnel was rediscovered in 1838. So there wouldn't have been many scientists (not even Darwin) who would have been able to use its non-existence as evidence of the falsity of the bible.  It would hardly be surprising that Jerusalem would have had a secure source of water, in case of a siege, and the bible mentioning a real structure hardly makes the rest of the book correct (you might as well argue that since ""Harry Potter"" mentions King's Cross Station, then the books must be true, because the station also exists; come to think of it, I have been to King's Cross and seen a wall between platforms 9 and 10 marked platform 9 3/4, with a trolley embedded in the wall-so they must be true!)."	AGAINST
495	god	"I think again, to dispute the assumption that im saying people now are smarter than before is wrong. Im saying people now have more information than before, and more information leads to better choices. Of course egyptian, mayan, and chinese civilizations developed at an amazing rate and with surprising quality for our standards. But the eqyptians were also burying their dead in huge tombs (the pyiramids) and along with exhorbitant amounts of gold, why? because their belief in gods entailed a belief in an afterlife. I think they could have spent their resources and time building other structures that would have helped their community , rather than tombs. (though now we admire them just for cultural value). So it is these kind of behavior that I argue stems from a lack of knowledge about the world and how it works. However it doesn't mean we are ""smarter"" now. Since there are religious believers who continue behaving in the same supersticious ways... When they get sick they pray instead of going to the doctor, etc. But these behavior now should be inexcusable because now we have more knowledge about the world, so it is more like a choice. Back in the time of the Mayans, it may be more acceptable for them to come up with rituals to call for the rain, since they dont have the scientific knowledge about what makes rain fall. But now, when people engage in the same kind of things, it just makes no sense at all because there is more knowledge out there about how things really work. As far as morality goes, I actually think that something like the hamurabi code where the crime was punished in direct retribution, was quite innovative and logical and we could benefit from it. If you steal, we will cut off your hand. End of story. No need for god to induce people to act morally. ;) Just a good execution of the law. Of course this is not the ideal... and again, things are never just ""black and white"", so in the end it may not work in our day. The ideal would be for us to think critically about our actions. To have an awareness about the common good. We dont need an image of ""god"" in this, just as we dont need a hamurabi code. We need something more complex.... a reform in the educational system for example... Belief in non-abrahamic gods for the greater good. hmmm. that makes this more interesting, but still based on my argument above, you can deduce that the image of god is unnecessary. We all have an understanding of god that is different from each other. And there is no way of proving which god is right. Groups of people, cults, have come up with new ""gods"" and then followers are so blind that they end up committing crazy things in the name of these gods. Think mass suicides. This is the problem with the concept of ""god""...any god, impedes rational thinking."	AGAINST
496	god	yes of course.people used to say all this stuff that wasnt true and i would just prove them wrong.it is hard to believe but thats life	FAVOR
497	god	"Look kids! He started with the watchmaker argument! Please, please, please, stop using arguments that have been proven to be flawed over and over and over! This is the problem that theists have when convincing atheists that there is a god of some sort, you don't use good arguments.Anyway, to disprove that argument, we recognize that things like jeans, laptop, and WATCHES have a creator because that's the culture that we've been brought up in. We know that they have a creator because there's no method through which they could've come together other than that. But for the complexities of our bodies, the spiders, and the sea shells, we have explained methods by which they reach their complexity (evolution).The main problem that I have with the watchmaker argument is the inherent fundamentalist theistic blindness that it displays. On the surface, it simply shows the theist ignoring scientific evidence (which is a bit of a euphemism, I've realized. Let's make this clear: evidence means we've SEEN IT HAPPEN), but then you dive deeper and it shows how much the belief in a god (I didn't capitalize it because I wasn't referring to the Abrahamic God) can blind a person to the flaws in their argument. You're stating that a god (which most people say is perfect) created the universe (perfectly). You're arrogant enough to assume that this universe was created for humans, one of the stupidest assertions you can make. If a god exists, he's a damn shitty one for creating all this useless crap around us (the whole universe that we don't really need). Why wouldn't a god give us better, longer lasting, stronger bodies? Why wouldn't a god make the universe centered around us if we were what he created it for? Why wouldn't we be living in a metaphorical ""Garden of Eden""? Here's the answer: because a god doesn't exist.Also, why do you assert that the christian God created the universe?"	AGAINST
498	god	"the ""grounding question"" only tries to play semantic word games - if someone asks why a god would allow 'evil' then they seize upon the word evil and say that for objective evil to exist means god has to exist. The argument is silly since using any word but 'objective evil' defeats it (pain, suffering, collectively agreed upon evil, etc.)Put 100 devout people in separate rooms and ask them 100 moral questions (e.g. if a pregnant woman has cancer, can she get chemotherapy to likely save her life if it would likely kill the baby?) - you will get many different answers and different justifications - so if there is objective morality, humans cannot converse with god and figure out what it is.We would still be left with subjective morality only we would be judged by a god who has an objective morality and sends people to the lake of fire based on a morality they can't know."	AGAINST
499	god	Believing in any religion specific God is foolish because that belief has no rational foundation.	AGAINST
500	god	 If one is thinking logically one has to assume that God doesn't exist until there dependable evidence that He does. Just as the old axiom goes 'Innocent until proven guilty', one must follow the rule of 'not existing until proven existing'.	AGAINST
501	god	I'm constantly amazed by people who cannot pick-up on sarcasm.You're point was that walking through a cemetery would somehow make one believe in god,which is an excellent point actually, as fear of death is probably when all is said and done, the number one reason people buy into religion - even more so than indoctrination.However, I was joking. Everyone thinks of death, even atheists. It's not as if people who don't believe in an afterlife aren't aware that death is immanent.Everyone knows, old news at this point. Walking through a cemetery is nothing but a pretty picture and self-validation for those who have chosen to believe in a myth out of fear.I'm an atheist because 1. If there were a god it would be much more obvious. I mean... why the mystery? come on now, 82% of the world population believes in him in one form or another, you can't get that many humans to believe in anything. So what's with all the hiding? 2. It doesn't make sense. It makes far more sense from observation that humans are a happy mistake (for humans) and nothing more. All science shows pretty conclusively that life was inevitable on this planet, and likely many more considering the numbers involved. So no creator is necessary. 3. From my experience, religious people act as if they're the victims of some mass hysteria, therefore without further proof available, I must assume they are victims of some form of mass hysteria.	AGAINST
502	god	"And why, precisely, it is on the person proposing the   existence   of an object. If you propose a pink elephant is floating above my head, it doesn't mean that you must therefore prove it. I can live my life as if there is a floating invisible pink elephant, or I can live my life as if there is no elephant. If you believe all believers in any deities require a change of behavior from the world, then you are mistaken.You originally defined athiest as ""the denial that supernatural beings exist"" and went on to posit that since most individuals profess to one single   religion   and deny all others, they are already atheists. This is inconsistent with your definition. Despite my disbelief in Zeus, or more accurately, my unwillingness to change my behavior to reflect the validity of the assumption that Zeus exists, I still may believe in other deities. Also, you're assuming that every   religious   person approaches their own belief with a lack of skepticism, uncritically and wholly. This is simply untrue. Look over this site and you'll see examples of people examining the ideas of   faith  , but still remaining faithful. From your last post, with the fear of eternal punishment reference, I believe you may have confused ""Theist"" with ""Christian"". Please do not equate ""Belief in a God"" with ""Belief in Hell""."	FAVOR
503	god	I was raised a Christian, Catholic if you must know. But I have come to doubt God. At most I would call God, if there is one, distant and uninvolved. Science is slowly answering religions main arguments. There is only two main ones left. What happens after death and how the universe began.	AGAINST
504	god	Everything works the way it would if there was no god, therefore there's no reason to believe there is a god. Just like there's no reason to believe in Zeus or apollo....Etc	AGAINST
505	god	The evidence of God's existence is all around us: You, Me, Life the World, the Universe. There is no way science can explain how something can just come into existence out of nothing. The Big Bang Theory? Where did that little ball of matter that exploded come from? How did it come to be? There is no way to explain the existence of everything in the universe without God or some sort of higher power. In science, one has to know how to explain something, but we don't have to understand God. One must just have faith. The existence of God is what makes sense to show where everything came from, while science does not makes sense in this subject. Do you really want to believe that your mind, body, spirit, and whole being is just a random collection of matter, that you mean nothing. I don't know about you, but that is such a grim thought to me.	FAVOR
506	god	"Intelligent Design is simply Creation Science [sic], relabeled in an attempt to disguise as essentially the Book of Genesis in a feeble-minded attempt to promote Genesis as   science  . Philip Kitcher, in his book ""Abusing Science: The Case Against Creationism,"" totally demolished any claim that Cretionism had to being scientific, ipso facto, the same applies to Intelligent Design. Neither of the two put forth any hypotheses that are testable for falsity (Karl Popper's Principle of Falsification). Any statement that cannot be tested for falsifiability is not scientific. At best, Intelligent Design is a pseudo-science aimed at brainwashing our   children   into believing absolute hogwash for truth."	AGAINST
507	god	 Good is the   health  , well-being and longevity of our entire species and planet. You can believe in a   god   and be for the good of all humanity or you can not believe in god and be for the good of all humanity. On the other hand saddling people with original sin, the fall of man and a final judgment day is definitely not good for the psychic of humankind. If we become extinct through our own suicidal self-destructive tendencies taught to us by people who claim to believe in god, will it be god's fault? Therefore the Abrahamic god and all gods are irrelevant compared to love.  	AGAINST
508	god	" ""If God did not exist we would have to invent him"".  Until mankind can duplicate His works, you will not sway me from my convistion that there is a powerful force out there.  Consider this, what happens to you when you die?  What happens to whatever makes you unique?"	FAVOR
509	god	"Faith is belief without any evidence at all.  Personally, I always insist on at least some evidence for important matters, particularly when the item concerned is highly implausible.  Since you mention it, can you name 5 ""archaelogical and"" (/or) ""historical correlations"" (whatever that is supposed to mean) ""to stories"" (and that is just what they are, stories, fiction) ""presented in the bible"", for me to consider?  And don't mention Josepheus."	AGAINST
510	god	"Within your question you have two major assumptions that are false...First of all, you assume that God can contradict himself, which is logically impossible.Let me state for the record, God absolutely cannot contradict himself.  If you think you see a contradiction, check your premises. God created a world where people had freedom and free will.  Hence, it follows logically that God cannot create people with absolutely free will without the possibility that people might choose evil.  Secondly, you assume humans and God share the same definition of ""good.""You say that if a person is in poverty that is bad.  Yes and no.  It is true that they may lead an exceptionally painful existence, but God's measure of good is how many people accept him freely and enter heaven.  If the only way a particular person might turn to God is through suffering, then that suffering was good.  Since while the short term suffering may seem terrible, it is nothing compared to an eternity away from God."	FAVOR
511	god	Exactly! This is a fabulous OBSERVATION. But that's all it is. Many people look at the sun everyday, and many people see it differently, but does that mean it doesn't exist? No. In fact, the very existence of so many views seems to make it more likely, more probable, and more believable that God exists. There are many different points of view on what government ought to be, but this observation does not mean that government doesn't exist. I agree completely with the observation, but that's all it is. It fails to function as an argument, and therefore cannot be valued as such in evaluatin the existence of God. In fact, this argument is much more easily turned into a theistic argument.	FAVOR
512	god	The power that religions call God was recognized as the power of creation. How is everything created? Energy. The energy that surrounds us, and binds us, and makes up everything that exists. So in a manner of speaking, EVERYTHING is God and God is everything.	FAVOR
513	god	As is evidenced by the fact that not many people followed Jesus in His time. He was right about so many things but He wasn't followed then as He might have been. Most people did doubt Him even though He was right in His teachings.	FAVOR
514	god	"Rabbi - I don't see how you have actually justified the existence of a higher being. Your claim that it is the only argument that can provide a full explanation of how the universe came to be is inherently flawed. It doesn't explain who created the creator which results in infinite regression. That's one of the most basic problems with   religion  .Ralfe - Making unsubstantiated generalisations such as ""More and more respected academics are seeing the immense flaws in the   evolution   argument."" doesn't really help much. Intelligent design uses pseudo-  science   to come up with a seemingly scientific explanation but all it is really saying is ""that physical characteristic is too complex for me to understand so God must have designed it""."	AGAINST
515	god	I say the priest who taught my sophomore Christian History and Theology class says you're wrong.	AGAINST
516	god	"""If the universe has laws as you say, then you must be intellectually honest enough to say that those laws had to come from somewhere."" Fair enough. Scientists are smart enough to hypothesize on what we don't know and most importantly, able to admit that we just plain don't know. What we do know is that some silly sky wizard who preaches his own perfection while immaturely committing genocide against entire populations did not create this world.Holy texts are rife with errors and out right lies. As for your other bit: ""An interesting argument indeed. Why does science have laws? Why do we accept that there is a natural order (design?)."" Order DOES NOT equal DESIGN. That's the worst misconception I've heard yet. There is no order in nature. There is chaos.Our universe is the expenditure of energy and mass towards entropy (chaos). Natural selection and evolution happen randomly, chaotically. Everything is chaos - pure and simple. Just because there appears to be order in chaos..."	AGAINST
517	god	Of corse God is real. My eveidence to backup my saying is that if you are a christian and you pray, mrical will suddenly happen. Its just unoticable	FAVOR
518	god	The idea of being alone in the universe can be scary. It is comforting to think that there is someone looking out for us, loving us, telling us how to live good lives, saving a place for us after we die, and it is convenient to have an explanation for all the overwhelmingly confusing origins and mechanics of life and nature. I write this specifically with Christianity in mind, but most religions give varying answers to the important questions of how we got here, why we are here, and what happens next. The concept of powerful supernatural being/beings is a very convenient way to allay all those curiosities and keep people from having to think too hard about them.So for me, it makes sense that the invention of God/gods is just a defense mechanism against confusion and spiritual crises. But the fact is that, despite a diversity of beliefs and 'true paths', no one on this earth knows better than anyone else what the truth is.	AGAINST
519	god	He dose not because if he did everything would be awsome.	AGAINST
520	god	"Without question God is in favor of men who love him. Christians give more money to charities to than all others combined.I disagree. What is your source? I'll bet any person of any religion is just as likely as the next to give to charity. Atheists and agnostics included.Greater is He who is in me than he who is in the world. John 4 4: What's the point of quoting the Bible in a debate about god? Who is that for? Anyone who thinks like you doesn't need it, and any who don't think like you only thinks it's silly.Our founding fathers built this nation based on God, whether people want to accept it or not it's all over the and written into the constitution for people that don't agree with the doctrine than move to another country where there Constitution fits your beliefs more. No dumb dumb, our country was founded on religious freedom, not religion. Most of our forefathers were Deist, which means: ""The belief, based solely on reason, in a God who created the universe and then abandoned it, assuming no control over life, exerting no influence on natural phenomena, and giving no supernatural revelation.""You bible thumpers just decided to high-jack the whole thing. ""In God We Trust"" wasn't printed on money until 1957... 1957! for crying out loud! The only mention any of our founding documents make of a god are two instances where they refer to a ""creator"" which could mean any damn thing and in no way discounts the possibility of an absence of one.I mean, Benjamin Franklin once said light houses were more useful than churches. Jefferson wrote his own version of the New Testament omitting all of the Jesus stuff. Regardless of what you happen to believe, arguing our country was founded on religion is revisionist at best, and quite against the spirit of the Constitution.It's not just by coincidence that we have become the most powerful nation on every level in the shortest amount of time in history.Again, this religious revision of our past is a recent phenomenon, and we were doing quite well before you annoying drones begin shoving it down everyone's throat. I mean, name one ""religious"" state that isn't a third world country. Every successful nation in history has separated church and State, including ours. This Evangelical push to make everyone drink the kool-aid can only end in disaster..However the further we as a nation get further away from God the more kaos and trouble we will face as a nation, and that is happening now.bs. 1. there's no sign that this country is now any further away from your invisible dude in the sky than ever before, in fact, the religious have more power now than at any time in our history. 2. The troubles facing our nation are all real problems that praying won't help, Economy = lack of over site, War in Iraq = a president lying to us about WMD's (who was one of your types by the way, real christianly of him),Afghanistan = 9/11,Those are the three main problems we have. Notice god plays no role in any of them... well except of course that the attacks on us on 9/11 were in the name of a god."	AGAINST
521	god	"""No, I say it 'is true' because the evidence strongly suggests that it is true.""What evidence?""I find it rather interesting that you would name ""Debating Design"" then go on to talk about the flagellum... when one of the essays in Debating Design demonstrates how that flagellum is 'irreducibly complex'.""Whats your point?""Yes, but also not very accurate. We do not know how variable gravity can be, it may be that there are only a few possible values for gravity to have. Saying that because we exist gravity must have this value is not a reasonable statement... rather we exist because gravity has that value.""Yes, fantastic so we agree. Gravity is only one of the many examples. And your argument on gravitation is what Collins is saying. Gravity has its exact value, Therefore we exist. Its a measurable parameter. ""I have never been a supporter of the ""Rare Earth Hypothesis""Supporter or not, the evidence is there. and finally a challenge to you. Tell me what of life's origins? Where and how did life com about?"	FAVOR
522	god	 Of Course God exists   / there are many things that are invisible but u know that  they are there for example you own brain it is inside your skull no one can see it but it really exists or NOT	FAVOR
523	god	Great points hats off to ya Wolfman	FAVOR
524	god	"CASE STUDY: Why it's impossible to have a meaningful debate about god with the indoctrinated.Sentence 1: ""There are millions of people out there who are uneducated and I would say they are more likely to go to heaven than I am.""Sentence 2: ""This is purely an argument about God, regardless of what religion is brought in. Not religion, not religious texts, scriptures, rules etc.""""This class is classic behaviour of those within a cult. They can in one sentence make a broad statement reflecting specifically their religious beliefs as stated as fact with absolutely no supporting evidence at all,then in the next sentence accuse the one being debated of doing what the cult member just did, whether the original argument in any way reflected the response.It is odd behaviour to any outside of that person's mind. But to that person, it is nearly impossible to see the hypocrisy, and frankly the silliness of the statement."	AGAINST
525	god	 And need$ your money!  /   /> Oh wait, that's religion.  />   /> Hard to be broke if you're God, no?	FAVOR
526	god	"If he ""always was, and always will be"" as so many profess, why can't we say the same thing about the universe(s)?"	AGAINST
527	god	Well for those of you who believe in the big bang theory where the Earth was cereated by an explosion of gases and other stuff, I ask you this: Where did the gases come from?	FAVOR
528	god	 Well there has been many a convert on the battlefield, in the moments between the saddle and the ground.	FAVOR
529	god	the obvious logical sequence.	FAVOR
530	god	I'm sorry you have so much disbelief. Obviously you put a lot of energy to justify in your own-self about any faith towards God. I'm just going dispute some of the comments about if the world would be better of if Christians where gone. All I have to say is think of a places in the world where there is no God and you will only see death, poverty and despair. The evolution is a farce. Do you remember the cover of national geographic when they had a ape like skull saying that they have found the missing link. Of course that was found out to be a fraud. Point I'm making is, all you have to do is look around and look at the perfect order of nature the extreme complexity and to not even think that there is a creator designer behind it that it is just a mere coincidence. It's just stupid to think that all you are is just a piece of walking flesh do to the fact that evolution is the only reason you are here. And that all of nature with it's perfect order is because. Just look up the number of charities and the number is overwhelmingly Christian based probably the number would be actually more because a lot of them are but are afraid of persecution from Church and State laws.You have denial issues I think deep down you really feel that all of these things are possible but you have chosen to block it out and harden yourself for the truth.You know what makes me laugh is that you have Agnostic historians looking in the bible for references to help them find ancient cities and places. Take Troy for example just to name one out the dozens. They thought it was a myth until they discovered it referenced passages out of the bible to help them. Dude totally have taken the whole 9/11 thing to far. Pretty insulting of course I don't believe those you said. All I was saying is that we have been relatively safe as a nation and my faith believes that yes God does protect us nothing wrong with that. Bad things do happen no matter what trials and tribulations are a part of life.As far as using you storied and other quotes from people and Tibet tribes whatever. I don't care what they think. I don't look to others to convince me of what I know and believe I question man when I hear a preacher or someone else taking about their Ideas. All I know is that there is a God and creator of us and everything. It's my own personal believe. Shame on those missionaries for using a lame story about that which is not true. If they where Mormon that would sound like a BS story from them.	FAVOR
531	god	Ya know, it's psychotic attitudes like that which only goes to prove you homos are violent lunatics! And for the record, I've been persecuted and abused all my life by fags - just for being Christian. I remember when I was just 16 year old, a fag-lovin liberal Judge put me in prison for ATTACKED at a Gay Pride Parade. Hey, it was only blanks, and you'd think they'd see the funny side, but he was REAL mean about it. He even included 3 prior assault charges, an tried to say it was some sort of hate crime. He called me all sorts of hateful words, and my two boys were crying all thro' the trial. It was shocking! My whole family were in tears, but my daddy said he was real proud of me for showing those fags what for. I served 2 years for that, and had to be apart from my two sons all that time, and it hurt real bad. It still pains me that I missed so much of their childhood. Now that's TRUE persucution! You fags wouldnt know what persecution was if it walked up, and smashed a brick into ur teeth. I was persecuted because of my faith. Because i'm a Christian. Christians are always a target from God-haters. But we have to stay strong, because we can't let our Lord down and give into all this fag-rights nonsense. God said in the Bible exactly what rights fags have - NONE WHATSOEVER! I still pray everyday that our Laws get changed to the Laws of the Bible, so that we can smite all those who God wants smited, and stone all those God wants stoned. Praise!Until then my family will always suffer abuse from fags in the street, who know our names and follow us everywhere we go. They throw things at me and call me a psycho, and try to get me to violate my parole. Yes, we live in a small town, and Christians are always a target in that kind of enviroment from God-haters and lunatics. You talk about intolerance, well what you fags are doin to my family is intolerance, and you know it!	FAVOR
532	god	Religion and science must be compared because science is the basis for everything else, why wouldn't you apply science when determining if god is exists or not? This is an absurd argument!	AGAINST
533	god	YES gOD IS WORTH BELIVING IN I KNOW I BELIVE IN HIM BECAUSE ALL THE THINGS I WITNESS WITH MY OWN TWO EYES ONE I WAS LOST AND NOW I AM FOUND BORN OF HIS SPIRIT AND LOVING THE NEW AND CHANGED LIFE gOD IS REAL AS YOU ARE READING IT . THE LIBERIALS HATE GOD BUT YOU KNOW WHAT I AM GOING TO KEEP ON PRAISING HIM AND WORSHIPING HIM UNTRIL THE DAY I DIE OR HE COME FOR ME.	FAVOR
534	god	"You, Me, Life the World, the Universe is proof of You, Me, Life the World, the Universe - not god.""Where did that little ball of matter that exploded come from"" - god only shifts the question to where did god come from. if god is allowed to exist forever, then why wouldn't something simpler."	AGAINST
535	god	Welcome back... I can now explain the avalanche of downvotes I received earlier todaylmao, I never ran into messenger, but oddly today I had three very old religious arguements down voted with 0 rebuttal. Messenger, or someone, works in mysterious ways...	AGAINST
536	god	When in sexual arousal the body releases phenylethylamines, these produce the feeling of love. Love can easily be explained by science through biology and chemistry, that might sound cold, but I don't believe it makes it any less beautiful.	AGAINST
537	god	  Those observations are not then incompatible with each other,but God's putative properties exhibit incompatibility such that we ignostics declare Him vacuous. Thus arguments for Him start off without substance and they further exhibit no substance for Him.   jdfrieze, gee whiz.	FAVOR
538	god	"The foundation of this debate is the false premise that God and   science   are mutually exclusive. They are not. Top scientists such as Einstein, F. Collins, Joel Primack, and others all, at least, believe in A supreme being, creator, etc. Many would argue that science is the ongoing discovery of God Himself.The statement ""There is no God"" is scientifically reckless. It is a position which can not be supported by process and experiment. However, the inverse is also true. Logically speaking, it is also unsound. If a human on earth can guarantee that there is no   god   anywhere in the universe, then they are claiming to be the very definition of god through their argument... an all-knowing being larger than life itself could only make such a claim.As a scientist, I can not rightfully deny the equal possibility that God exists.As a human, I choose to believe God exists."	FAVOR
539	god	First of all the Unified Force is the same as God. For you to treat God just as some anthropomorphic straw man that you can knock down is just silly. 	FAVOR
540	god	of course........god exist....Nd the people who dnt believe that god exist dont belive on themselves......	FAVOR
541	god	God is just an imaginary figure created by the humans...........terrorists and wrongdoers escape the punishment in the name of god............Hence God is a lame excuse for the people	AGAINST
542	god	" If you believe there is irrefutable evidence, present it.  Prove that you're right.  Come on, do something.  />   /> Let's see your proof.  That doesn't mean ""I had a personal encounter with something I'm going to claim as God"", that's pointless.  Stop claiming nonsense and actually do something  about it."	AGAINST
543	god	"you should because if you don't the rest of us might put you in prison or a mental institution.Without God what then is the moral imperative? What then is the ""ought"" to?- see reply to moral grounding"	AGAINST
544	god	Then that doesn't answer any questions. Why was life put on Earth? Why does Earth even exist? Wouldn't it make sense to believe in God: He put life on Earth, either directly or indirectly(I'm not getting into that), so that we could live life in order to return to Him. Life is like a trial period. God wants to know how we can act with free will, sin, and detachment from pure good.	FAVOR
545	god	There is a mountain of evidence to support evolution, such as fossil records, DNA, and selective breeding. Scientists estimate that only 1 in 1000 SPECIES (not specimen) ever become fossilized; and of those we have still only discovered a fraction. So there's bound to be holes in our ancestral lineage, such as 'the missing link' (the common ancestor we share with Chimpanzee's and other apes). However, despite these tiny odds we have discovered another 'missing link', tiktaalik, the common ancestor we share with all vertebrates. See link for more information.	AGAINST
546	god	Yes I do. To think we were just plunked down here out of the star lit sky when there were two moons in the sky is stretching it! Look around at the miracles you see every day, but most of us take it for granted. There is something within each human (even those that deny) that has God in them (or a Supreme Being if they so choose to call Him that) whether they like it or not. I have seen grown men that have denied an existence of a God, but, have seen them in a hospital Chapel on bended knees praying to God to save their little girl or save a loved one. One can think there is nothing out there and it's just a belief system until the rage of a horrible incident comes into play and they're kneeling down asking for help. You simply believe or you don't. Believing is a whole lot simpler (if you mean it) and a lot more peaceful. I've seen many miracles in my years on this earth. 	FAVOR
547	god	Then there is the principle of first cause. What created the creator. If one insists that the creator satisfies the Principle of Sufficient Reason to satisfy the argument, then I would apply the Principle of Parsimony and state that a creator is not an ontologically necessary entity. That the universe could have created itself at the moment that space-time started. Time is meaningless before the beginning of space-time.	AGAINST
548	god	Actually it's not funny. The case in Florida where school kids where raising money for a benefit and there where teachers present. What makes it worse is that it was in a church off school property and spontaneously someone said lets say a prayer to bless this food. Well do you know what happened board member who was there at the church but obviously not a Christian was offended and reported those teachers and they where looking at fines in the thousands plus 6 months in jail. It went to the Florida St supreme court where the judge smartly ruled against the claim and they where found not to be in violation. This is just one case of many. I'm sure that there are other religions that pray but why only are the Christians the ones that are being persecuted? Agnostic it's biased the whole system is Agnostic we abide by Agnostic rules in everyday life especially in schools, essentially we practice your religion where there is no belief and when there's a crazy wig nut Agnostic that wants to throw teachers in jail for six months because of their inherent freedoms you go crazy.Evolution has not been proved it's a theory nowhere except for a completely biased person would say that evolution has been proved. There is a whole debate on that alone. There are numerous scientist that believe in intelligent design and go as far as Micro evolution which I believe in and is in-line with creation. Macro evolution where a Giraffe one day came from the see is as unlikely as you or I beating Tiger Woods in a golf match. Not going to happen. God says that we are created in is own image which is why our minds are godlike. If evolution is true than there would be more species with our capability to think and to rationalize. This fact alone baffles many evolutionary theorist for they don't have an answer for. So they do what Darwin did just make stuff up and throw clay at a human skull to fill the gaps.	FAVOR
549	god	 God does exist ..maybe people dont believe in god because of thier religion but god exists..	FAVOR
550	god	"I categorically disagree with the definition of God provided here because while trying to provide a definition that will encompass all religions, it denies multiple beliefs. Many religions believe, as did Plato about his ""God of the forms,"" that God does not make the laws that rule the universe, but rules by the transcendent laws that are already in place. This being said, a multiplicity of religions believe that God did not create the universe's matter and energy, and nor does he have the power to do so. Also the argument of providing a definition of God to disprove denies one of the fundamental basics of argumentation- in order to disprove anything, you must disprove it within its own framework. For example, to disprove zuess you cannot make up your own definition. It is the same with God. The ontological argument would therefore assert that God must exist universally, because in order for the atheist to disprove God, they have to first accept the definition- which is that he exists"	FAVOR
551	god	Do you understand the meaning of greater good? It's basically that the end justifies the means. If people were to behave better under a lie (IF God is a lie) then wouldn't it be better to promote that lie? THAT is the greater good.I'm sorry, but just because you're right doesn't mean people will automatically follow you. World doesn't work like that.	FAVOR
552	god	"I think I see the problem here.You live on a different planet.1. again, there's 0 proof Christians give any more to charity than anyone else. Where are your statistics? There's no reason to think that Christians give more than a Muslim, Jew, Buddhist, or Atheist. There's no proof. It's your opinion, and your opinion is not based on anything at all.2. If tomorrow god came and took all the Christians I'd be super glad because you guys are annoying. That aside though, there's no such thing so unfortunately it's not going to happen. If it did though, everyone would get along just fine. I mean, you people didn't even start showing up on this planet until 300 years after that guy Jesus (who may have never even existed) died, and everything was just peachy without you.3. Yeah, god is a private thing, and you have the right to believe in god or the easter bunny or big foot or whatever the hell you want. Problem is, Christians don't want religious freedom you nuts want everyone to believe your own insanity. But nope, sorry, the constitution is clear. Church and State are separate, and god should not be in public schools in any form whatsoever. Start your own school if you don't like it, but don't try to put it on everyone else.3. So when something bad happens like 9/11 we all of a sudden ask God why did he remove his protection. Total HypocrisyYou dumbass. 9/11 had nothing to do with ""god's protection""it was terrorists.God has never stopped a single tragedy in the history of the world, and he's not about to start just because you force your silly beliefs on other people.And your insinuation that somehow people die because of what they believe is not only incredibly stupid. But offensive, evil, and frankly why so many bright people like myself have gone from indifferent about your silly cult, to downright hating it."	AGAINST
553	god	A moral compass? Have you READ the Bible? Try reading through Genesis and Exodus and see exactly HOW moral it is (Examples of Biblical Immorality: Innkeeper letting his daughters get raped instead of sending out the Angels, genocide that's ordered by God, infanticide that's committed by God)	AGAINST
554	god	Atheism is the lack of beliefAtheism is the lack of belief in the   existence   of gods. It is not a belief system or a   religion   but the denial that supernatural beings exist. There are atheists with all sorts of philosophies and beliefs.YouÃ•re already an   atheist  Even if you believe in a god, you probably donÃ•t believe in other gods - Zeus, Osiris, Jupiter, Thor, Allah or Jesus. ItÃ•s hypocritical to be skeptical in the holy book, revealed prophets, miracle stories, or holy men of all religions but yours. You are an atheist when it comes to everyone elseÃ•s gods, so why give your god a free pass?The burden of proof is on the theistCan you prove that an invisible pink elephant is not floating above your head? How does one prove a negative in the absence of evidence? Theists make the exceptional claim that there is a god. That claim requires exceptional proof. The burden of proof is on the theist to prove God exists.By using reason and   science  , humans have been expanding our knowledge of the world. Yet religionists continue to claim that there exists a supernatural realm immune to reason. Where is their proof? If a god is needed to create the universe, what created God? Rather than offer proof, mystics have often tried to silence and discredit those who reveal the complexity and majesty of the universe.There are natural explanations for the universeWhat keeps flowers from turning into rocks, or rocks from floating in the sky? ItÃ•s not the will of a supernatural deity, but the fact that flowers are not rocks, and gravity keeps things on the ground. The universe operates according to causal principles, without the need for any supernatural   power   to keep things from getting chaotic.Morality does not require religionReligious texts can offer moral guidance, but they are not the source of moral principles. Humans discovered long ago that following certain rules makes life more productive, peaceful, and pleasurable. Morality derives from human nature, not divine guidance. If one wishes to live a virtuous life, it is better to do so because of the earthly rewards of being virtuous rather than the fear of eternal punishment. Unlike a theist, an atheist knows that one life is all he has, and will try to live each day to the fullest.	AGAINST
555	god	re: grounding question (from above):Put 100 devout people in separate rooms and ask them 100 moral questions (e.g. if a pregnant woman has cancer, can she get chemotherapy to likely save her life if it would likely kill the baby?) - you will get many different answers and different justifications - so if there is objective morality, humans cannot converse with god and figure out what it is. We would still be left with subjective morality only we would be judged by a god who has an objective morality and sends people to the lake of fire based on a morality they can't know.	AGAINST
556	god	GOOD IMAGINATION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	AGAINST
557	god	"""I don't see why God couldn't have just set evolution in motion.""Because according to the bible god created all of the various species at the time of creation. This makes evolution impossible."	AGAINST
558	god	"Zebrakin appears to be a believer and that no amount of reasoned argument will change his mind.However, in the event that I'm wrong and that I can change his mind, I point out that it is a mistake to consider being convinced of something is the same as believing something.  The concept conviction is an intellectual conclusion based usually on a lengthy examination of the facts of reality. The concept belief is an abandonment of the intellect and an acceptance of what others have asserted without evidence or proof. Belief is ultimately based on wishes, and requires self-abnegation. Conviction is based on logic and requires self-assertion. Zebrakin states that I consider belief ""pathetic foolishness.""  Okay, but not accurate. In this day and age, I consider religious belief to be the most lethal form of brute force that men have invented. It stunts one's consciousness and tears it in two, attributing one's best to the non-existent and requiring one regard oneself as sacrificial fodder for the benefit of others. It is a boon to man's rational faculty that he can marvel at the beauty of the universe. But that is not ""in born."" Such an estimate arises from a fundamental regard of nature as benevolent and of man as heroic. That this is true is shown by the fact that many men do not regard the universe with wonder, nor look upon man as basically good. Instead they regard nature as a threat and man as basically evil. The better philosophers, such as Aristotle and Ayn Rand, have answered the questions you raise. (""to discover where [men] have come from, where they go to, and why they are here."") Many scientists, such as archeologists and physicists, have helped by adding factual details.  I sense in your closing statement a melancholy I should like to tell you is not necessary to feel. You wrote: ""Perhaps we feel we have to find answers to these questions because somewhere we know that there's more to this life."" A proper moral code, found in Ayn Rand's philosophy of Objectivism, shows that one need not wish that life is somehow better beyond the grave where men will find true happiness. One can find true happiness here on earth while we live. But to do so requires courage to face the reality that you have far greater intellectual strength than your religion tells you, far greater wealth of spirit that your beliefs suggest you possess, and that you are far superior in value to those you are taught to sacrifice yourself for. You can find happiness now by rejecting the moral code of your religion and discovering the rational moral code of Objectivism, which briefly put says your life belongs to you and the good is to live it rationally. May I suggest you read Ayn Rand's novels?---Especially Atlas Shrugged and The Fountainhead. In addition to being wonderfully original stories, they will help you to re-discover what your religion may have caused you to loose."	AGAINST
559	god	" It's completely ridiculous to think the evolution took place without someone or something controlling it. And something must have been the first existence and that's most likely God. That may not sound logical, but every other assumption about ""What was first?"" is even less logical. And there are a lot more proofs."	FAVOR
560	god	"Absence of proof, true, is not proof of absence, however, the absence of proof to support one's extraordinary claims is proof that one hasn't done one's factual homework nor does one appear to be interested in consistently logical reasoning.As I've said many times before in debates such as this, one need not disprove any so-called ""god"" or ""goddess"" or other claimed related entity. One cannot prove a negative, i.e. non-existence, because one cannot possess all there is to know everywhere and for all of time. What one can do and must do is check the facts and logic of those claiming the existence of such assumed entities. If their facts are incorrect, incomplete or inconsistent and if their logic is poor, one can in the least show the claimants arguments do not support their claims. One can show that the claimant has only very poor to no reason to believe what they do. One need only prove that the claimant has proven nothing at all.Absence of proof is proof the claimant's arguments - from beginning to their conclusions - are wrong. It makes no statement about the unknown or unknowable."	AGAINST
561	god	"Well, I've been debating theists quite aggressively for a few days now on this site, and frankly I'm a little worn out from it. You need to try to understand, that you are looking at the world from a completely different perspective than I am. I know, because I was very religious until my early twenties, it's 2 completely separate mindsets, and it's almost like two different languages one trying to communicate with the other, but I will go through your objections from my point of view the best I can.1. I believe one can account for their perspective on good and evil in humans. We are a pack animal, always have been. Even dog's, with 0 knowledge of any religion, know to protect and ""be kind"" to others in their pack, including their owner whom they see as the pack leader. In the same way, we as humans I believe naturally act in a manner which serves the ""pack"" even often at expense to ourselves. Those who remain within this norm of pack behaviour we call ""good"" those without we call ""evil"".Being brighter and more complex than dogs or any other pack animal, of course this instinct within ourselves becomes complex. But natural and observable none the less with or without any type of creator.2. True, if there was a creator, it would make sense to find our purpose of creation, even if our purpose for being created was strictly for his amusement. But I don't believe in intelligent design either, so not sure how that pertains to my arguement.3. Again, justice is established using our general and natural idea of empathy. And as we see this is not a constant, but shifts with time as we evolve. Empathy is a very natural instinct most humans are born with, which has developed because it does serve for the greater good of humans, even in the circumstance that it should not be in one instance or another the greater good for oneself.This is from us (again) being a pack animal. I think you'll find that if you take away our big brains, we really are a pathetic and week creature compared to most mamals.Minus our big brain, without the abilty to work together as a whole, and this means establishing rules and a sense of justice, we would be quite extinct right now, having all been eaten by lions and tiger and bears oh my.4. I would argue no one ""grounds it"", even the religious. What difference does it make what one's morals are grounded in if they have them none the less? The only relevent point is that a god is unnecessary for one to have a reason to live or a moral compass to live by. I never said the religious don't feel their morals are grounded, I simply offer myself as proof that the idea many of the religious have, that life without a god is somehow empty, is quite incorrect.5. mass murder read it, tons of examples. Just as many examples of the religious killing as of the non-religious killing. There is no proof to back up the idea that a person who doesn't believe in a god is more or less likely to kill, than one who believes in a god, and somehow twists it so that their god encourages the act of killing. Your arguement holds no water.6. I don't see what you're refering to, if you are numbering this according to my highlighted points, there is no evidence either way, and that's my point. There's a lack of evidence here.7. But this is the point. Your original arguement puts forth that, the religious are more moral because they have specifically religion to guide them. My point is again, while religion guides the vast majority of the human population (82% apx) those not guided by a religion are just as likely to be ""good"" or ""evil"" which would appear to make the belief in a god unnecessary in order to be ""moral""8. lol, this was hard to read. I'm not impressed by pretty words when discussing theology. I'm not swayed by mindless examples. My belief is one caught in a rip-tide is just as likely to drown whether they believe in god or not. You seem to be under the impression that there is something in life to be saved from. I do not see it this way. This is what I'm talking about when I say that it's like two people trying to communicate in two different languages. You do not seem to understand that I do not believe there is anything to be saved from in the general sense, and in the literal sense, I've never seen or heard of god saving anyone whose life was in mortal danger. Some live, some die, belief in god does not change these odds at all. The religious listen to example after example of people saying ""I was saved"" it's indoctrinated into the fiber of your being. From the outside, it looks like silly people looking for an easy way out. No one is saved, because there is nothing to be saved from. We live, we die, we make what we make out of it in the time in between. God plays no role. Some choose to believe in a god, but those who do not are just as happy, and quite often more so, than those who do. And in the end, whether someone believes in a god or not, they die and it's lights out. I don't think a religious person will ""live forever"" any more than I believe I will ""live forever"". What one believes is irrelevant ultimately outside of what they do with it here on earth while alive.Now, the religious can hardly (if at all) wrap their heads around the concept of simply being dead. It's like they have to believe there is an after-life, and by default, have to believe that everyone else must on some level at least want to believe there is an afterlife.I assure you, I do not on any level believe in an afterlife. I do not want to on any level trick myself into believing in an afterlife. I believe it is self-destructive to fool oneself in such a way.9. You have some typos that make this hard to understand. I think what your saying is that my account of how religion started is off,in which case the point flew clear over you, which it always does when I get into these discussions.Again, it's nearly impossible to explain to one such as yourself.But I'm not trying to explain exactly how religion began.I was simply giving an alternative example in order to point out my opinion thatreligion is quite unnecessary. That is what th point was.There is no point in me trying to guess how it all started (though I imagine it was from an inherent need within born of self-realization to not cease to exist at some point, which is not even the theory I put forth, but there you go)As I was saying, there is no point for me trying to guess though how it all started, and I don't care how or why it all started.My only point is that it is unnecessary."	AGAINST
562	god	if you have faith in God you will be happy forever.PLUS!who created the earth?God.who made people?God.who made the meteaor that destroyed the dinosaurs?God did it all!!!!!	AGAINST
563	god	Why does life have to have an absolute meaning? I ingrain meaning into my life through those around me and my actions, not the hope that once I die there will be another chance at living a life that I'm already currently living.This life is perfectly good enough for me, thanks. Once I die, I'm gone, and knowing that makes the life I have now even more special.	AGAINST
564	god	That while there are a few thoughtful, interesting atheists, the majority are either rabid anti-  religious   zealots or people too ashamed to take responsibility for their actions in a supernatural sense?A) Theorizing on the motivations of peoples you don't understand is, at best, pointless and at worst offensively stereotypical, andB) The   existence   of any sort of divine or supernatural being cannot be based, at all, on the existence or behaviors of their adherents.Fascists tend to be horrible people. It does not follow that fascism does not exist.	FAVOR
565	god	God created a earth with just 1 sun and no other stars, would it be a little lame? would you think it more likely or less likely that there be an intelligent creator? i'm thinking you're sugguesting that it would be more likely. now why would you think it more likely that a lame God exists?  these arguments are illogical and nonsensical, and you should realize this. The fact is they are unintelligent, arrogant, and 'presumptions.' If you look at the Bible, what is stressed is wisdom, and honesty and humility.. here you lack all three.	FAVOR
566	god	"If the end justifies the means, then the ""greater good"" is violated through the way , then I don't think we are talking about a greater good anymore. If the greater good is to tell the truth, and in order to do things you need to tell people a lie, then there is no more greater good present. Maybe historically it has been erratically believed that we need some sort of mythical creature in order to be ""good"". But I do not think that this ""greater good"" has brought much greatness to humanity in the long run, as it has given way to horrible things through fanatism and it has perpetuated lack of education in many areas related to science. It has also allowed governments to control populations through the use of those beliefs. It has also fostered artificial divisions between different cultures, eventualy leading to wars. Are these means justifiable ? and are the followers really giving our world a greater good? I don't think we need God anymore to know what is good or bad. I think people are capable to figure things out on their own."	AGAINST
567	god	"You say that on the one hand we are created in God's likeness. You point out an important problem in our definitions of good and evil, that would make a benevolent God seem very confusing, if not actually impossible. (We can also acknowledge that there are many, many concepts of God, most of which are contradictory with each other, and all of which are equally arbitrary definitions. How can we pick one and say it must be true?)On the other hand, you say, we evolved from apes. (I'll set aside the fact that evolutionary biology actually says that apes and humans evolved from a common ancestor.) You say that there is ""strong supporting evidence,"" but that you would just ""hate to think"" it was true.Seeing you cite logical problems on one side and strong evidence on the other, I'm surprised that you opt for indifference. The fact that you aren't happy with a conclusion doesn't make it false. Maybe you just need to reflect on what it is about sharing an ancestor with apes that makes you sad. Is a world with evolution and natural selection really that much less amazing and awe-inspiring? I don't think so."	AGAINST
568	god	"You claim to have an objection to the statement ""matter cannot be created or destroyed"" yet show no evidence to the contrary.The icing on the cake of your ""argument"" seems to be blindly asserting that god isnt improbable; again without any proof or explanation.Care to provide some?"	AGAINST
569	god	 I think God is real because if it weren't for God how would you have been born huh? And you might say evolution er sum stupid stuff like that and that all leads up to a big bang but big bangs don't just happen.....something has to cause them so what do you think? There is no scientific explanation for how the big bang happened but it did and you people who say God doesn't exist need to look at yourself and think how could any of this happen without something to make it happen? Big bangs don't just come flyin outta people's asses!	FAVOR
570	god	I respect your opinion that's just the way you feel. I hardly ever see or hear about agnostics giving anything to any charity. It's a given fact the Christians and Organizations help more than any other. If tomorrow God came down and took all the the believers away and there was no more Christians this world would go to hell in a hand basket fast. I guess the argument is for the greater good. For years we have asked God to get out of our schools and our life and our country. So when something bad happens like 9/11 we all of a sudden ask God why did he remove his protection. Total Hypocrisy	FAVOR
571	god	The pro ID post at the start of this thread makes many claims about an alleged failure of science to explain things.  I disagree - but let's accept it for arguments sake.But even if all scientific knowledge (every last bit of it)  were faulty, that would say nothing about the possible existence of God. The poster then goes on to say that they can't prove the existence of God - in other words there is no evidence for the existence of god.There follows an unsubstantiated assertion that ID is better.  As a post apparently designed to support the existence of God it seems a little unconvincing. 	FAVOR
572	god	lulz, for a second i thought you were serious though.yes, most psychics have been proven to be fakes, but many haven't. are they real? i would say that 99% of the psychics out there are bullshit artists. the other 1%... i have no comment. I do know one personally who has scared me sometimes with her predictions though (and she's just a little old lady living in a trailer home). ghosts, idk. probably not. if so, i truly believe there is a science behind it, and not the spirits stuff. but who knows, maybe one day we'll figure that one out.	FAVOR
573	god	that the people that seem to blame God for everything are the ones that don't believe in him?	FAVOR
574	god	that's not quite accurate. First of all, the unified force isn't really a thing. You might be talking about a Unified field, which is a description of how strong   nuclear   forces, weak nuclear forces, electromagnetism and gravity interact and are similar. That would give us the ability to say for certain how everything is going to move, but doesn't really give us much in the way of how the universe was created.And it's not true to say that we cannot know what that unified force is, but that we don't currently know. That's why we're looking.	FAVOR
575	god	Oh hey, I missed this.You might be forgetting that guidance is help.	FAVOR
576	god	 GOD does exist! If you pray for something and you don't get at all or right away, does that mean that God don't exist, No! It just means that maybe you are not supposed to receive it or not at the moment. It's like when you were little and you asked your parents for something and they said no or not yet maybe for Christmas, does that mean your parents aren't real, No!   />      K9, God can raise someone from the dead and has before, He has also healed people from all sorts of things. Believing is not seeing it is the evidence of things not seen! Pray and ask God to reveal Himself to you and see what happens!	FAVOR
577	god	If the world is so complex and ordered that it must have been created by a devine God, then surely God must have been created by an even greater being.  How else could such a devine creature exist if not created by an even greater one?  How can you accept the fact that God has always existed, yet you can't accept the fact that the universe always existed.  Where did he exist before creating the universe.  If God created the universe, then where does he keep it?     If God is good, all powerfull, and all knowing, yet evil exists.  That proves that he either doesn not exist, or that he is not good, all knowing and all powerful, and therefore NOT devine.    We are made in his image, yet we are imperfect.  Therefore, God is imperfect and therefore NOT devine.     All of the   religious   texts were created by man, so using thems as proof is a fallacy.  It's not as if the good book magically appeared.  The STORY of the   ten commandments   is the only aspect that supposedly was drafted by God himself.  He exists because I read it in a book that some man wrote a long time ago.  Well there were a lot of books written a long time ago about the supposed ONE creator, and none of them are in agreement.  The fact that the three major religions all worship the same God comes from the fact that all three religions came from the same screwed up part of the world that still cannot abide by the   teaching   of peace found in all three religions.   How can you dismiss the many Gods of the Romans, Greeks, Pagans, American Indians, etc.  Why didn't God give these cultures the same teachings as the Middle East?  Their religions ceased not because they were wrong or disproven.  They fell by the swords of those who sought to spread their own OPINION on   creation   and kill those who would not convert to their will.	AGAINST
578	god	an example of the fear employed to get people such as yourself to believe i suspect	AGAINST
579	god	"I cannot prove conclusively that God exists in a laboratory. However, the key to the Super Natural is ""Faith"". However, there is some evidence. I can pass on to you that the Bible has survived for centuries and the most widely read text. The world uses the current Calendar based on Christ's death (A.D. - After Death). We refer to B.C.(Before Christ), as well. Now why must it be Faith in order to ""see"" proof? When Christ walked the Earth he performed various miracles and people saw and people hated him. There were those, I'm sure that thought it was fake. I have experienced many things that I knew God sent to me. God does most of His works through people and events for His Children. Just as God feeds the animals He takes care of His own that ""believe"" in Him. God does not want robots to love Him and God gave man the ability to chose, either good or bad. So you wonder why there is so much despair, hate, murder and abuse in the world. Why? because God gave man a choice. Sodom and Gomorrah were destroyed because of their crimes against each other. We as Humans are so quick to dismiss God because we think ""I can't be happy"". Then there are those that just don't believe at all. I also find people can get angry if someone talks about God or Jesus. It is if they are about to catch on fire or something. I think they believe that they cannot be happy. Actually it is evil which whispers in their ear. Even I from time to time am tempted. I leave with you this poem as given to me from God. It had taken me a week to write it. I wrote the first half and when I tried to finish I felt very ill. But nonetheless I did finish. I am merely the writer and not the Author.BLIND Oh the pursuits of the flesh This shell that covers self The fix of desire until the next crave So shallow this fix, never to last Brief satisfaction; my cup now empty This flesh aches between each thirst Day after day the endless search; cup in hand What elixir will fill this cup and empty not The sweet savor that quenches my desire Light begins to dim on this ragged shell This flesh shriveled from the tick of time Cup after cup filled up; folly for the fool The spirit lay bleached to bone white Picked clean from neglect Left to rot in the hot desert wind of life The spirit left alone, forgotten and unwanted Never watered or nurtured; void of light Cast to the shadows to wither on the vine Oh what a wasteland that I made of this spirit For it is I, the spirit, that was starved until death A lifetime to quicken my spirit has cost me the prize"	FAVOR
580	god	"Belief in God does not dictate a good moral character and that is obvious by the wars we fight, the priests who molest children, the countless acts of violence carried out in God's name/title, people who profit from running religious organizations (i.e. televangelists) etc.We're a nation that puts ""In God we trust"" on our currency. If that's not the most blatant contradiction I've ever seen regarding man's claimed allegiance to God...I don't know what is. ""God"", used to be many gods if you're brushed up on what we now call astrology and mythology. Today, the catch-all term, ""God"" and the Bible, are used to erase any memory of man's true history and origins so that we may be better controlled by one singular deity who doesn't even exist. I will gladly burn in hell if I'm wrong."	AGAINST
581	god	"Well, first, to answer your question: Yes, believing in God is worth it. But you must know, that faith in God does not mean that you are perfect, or that you will be considered ""good"" by people (in fact, many will despise you and call you intolerant out of their intolerance), or that your life will somehow be void of suffering or the traps of sin and temptations of life. It's not easy sometimes, but is most definitely worth it.So basically the only difference is in your head...The benefits are: You are adopted into the family of God and our now considered His child. How awesome is that?!It's not, at all, seems kinda lame actually. Do you have any solid examples of actual things that make it ""awsome?""Secondly, by accepting His son as our Savior we are instilled with the Holy Spirit, which then guides us when we don't know what to do, convicts us when we're wrong so we will know truth from lies, and transforms us to be the kind of person we all really want to be but could never seem to do or be on our own, like His son, Jesus.Hm, interesting, this holy spirit you are instilled with, is there some way to measure this? Or is it just in your head again? And ""like His son, Jesus,"" so what, I get nailed to a cross, tortured, killed, and millions after me will die in my name, and people will kill people who don't believe in me? SWEET! Where do I sign up. (that's sarcasm)Oh and I forgot a biggie: we get to live eternally with Him and Jesus and all the other saints in Heaven after we pass!Yeah? Pretending for a second that this wacky fairy tale is true, what the hell is so cool about living for eternity with a bunch of people that never did anything fun ever? Like, what do you do all day? Sounds retarded to me. No thanks."	AGAINST
582	god	"Ironically, I'm seeing some of the same people who make the argument that we need to cut down on CO2 emmissions ""just in case"" it is causing global warming making the argument that God doens't exist.  Why not read the Bible, ""just in case"" God exists?  Then after reading it and reflecting on it, make your own decision."	FAVOR
583	god	"You are obviously much more intellectually minded than I am at this point, but I relate that to years of life rather than my beliefs or views on religion and life. You say that there is a different in belief and conviction. Isn't it in true conviction that we find belief in something? Right now I sit in a chair, convinced it will hold me up. I've never studied a chair I don't know exactly why or how long chairs will hold people up, but I believe that I am safe. So I think that conviction and belief are closer and strongly related than you might suppose. If you go bungee jumping how do you know the cable will hold you up? They have broken before... Is this conviction? Or belief? Using what you stated as belief being a wish and conviction being logic, I would have to say that thinking it to be held would be both. You wish it to hold but you also know it will. ""[Religion] stunts one's consciousness and tears it in two, attributing one's best to the non-existent and requiring one regard oneself as sacrificial fodder for the benefit of others."" I must say, personally, that I do not regard myself as sacrificial fodder, but perhaps, you have the crusades or suicide bombers in mind? Both of these I don't defend as I can't possibly say they were ever justified in any ways.You speak about true happiness. ""One can find true happiness here on earth while we live."" What would you define as true happiness? Having lots of money? A pleasant relationship with your spouse? Having as your profession something you had always wanted to do, and that you love? I obviously don't have the answer, but perhaps you have some ideas? You must have been thinking of some things when you wrote it. Like I said, I don't have the answers (that's why I feel we have to look outside ourselves for them) but I think that as long as we strive to have true happiness for ourselves we shall never, ever be happy. ""You can find happiness now by rejecting the moral code of your religion and discovering the rational moral code of Objectivism, which briefly put says your life belongs to you and the good is to live it rationally."" Ah, so is this true happiness? You say to reject the moral code. For my religion (Christianity) that would mean rejecting love, obedience to authority,  unselfishness, etc. Good things in my opinion, and yours too I would think.  So forgive me if I cannot fully grasp your meaning. While were recommending books I would like to recommend Mere Christianity by CS Lewis. I found it rather intellectually stimulating and think you might too. If you do end up reading it, I hope you would with an open mind as I will when I read the books you suggested."	FAVOR
584	god	are just men who are fooled into thinking that there awaits a place  one in heaven, one in hell, where all will be ascribed toward infinity, where those who have chosen Christ will be reunited with their loved ones and those who have denied Him will be eternally seperated from all that is good in life. If the   atheists   are right, and I dont beleive they are, then I wonder if these songs would ever have been writen, I wonder if these men would have lost their minds without this hope, I wonder how many have been saved because these men dared to beleive in Gd?Amazing Grace by John Newton- Who was a murderous, drunken, immoral slave trader and captain of a slave ship. Who had been raised to know Gd but after his mothers death lost sight of Gd. His life is so wretched and brutal that not even his own crew liked him. And then one day he came across some literature on Jesus and remembered! A storm came up, like none hed ever seen before, and in the midst of that storm cried out to Gd and PTL Gd heard him!! He gave up slave trading and became a minister. Hallelujah!What a Friend we have in Jesus by a man from Ireland who later moved to Canada, named Joseph Scriven. Joseph lost his first bride the day before their wedding when she was drowned in a tragic accident. He lost his second wife to pneumonia. He devoted his whole life to being the good samaritan and doing good works for others, he never accepted   money   for his charity.Silent Night a Catholic priest in Austria named Joseph Mohr. His story is also quite moving.It is well with my soul by a man from Chicago Illinois named Horatio Gates Spafford. I saved this one for last because he is my favorite one! He lost his only   son   to a childhood disease. He lost his business real estates in the great Chicago fire. He was a friend to Moody and was going to England to help in the great revival happening in England but was called back at the last minute and his wife and four daughters went ahead. The boat was rammed by another boat and sank. He lost all four daughters in the   ocean  . His wife was rescued and sent him a telegram that said, SAVED ALONE. When he went to join her he penned this song on the boat trip there. This is why I know that Gd loves us even when   tragedy   strikes and we have a faith that no tragedy can take from us, the hope of glory, the hope of eternal life through the blood of the lamb Jesus. I too can say, IT IS WELL WITH MY SOUL. My   prayer   is that my   children   will all be able to say that no matter the..quoteWhen peace, like a river, attendeth my way,When sorrows like sea billows roll;Whatever my lot, Thou has taught me to say,It is well, it is well, with my soul...Though Satan should buffet, though trials should come,Let this blest assurance control,That Christ has regarded my helpless estate,And hath shed His own blood for my soul.AMEN. We are blessed in Jesus.	FAVOR
585	god	 He still didn't provide any facts or his own experience.  /   /> If god exists he really left u drawing in an ocean factless mumbo jumbo.  />   /> It is like your are all grasping to the nearest piece of bs that floats ur way	AGAINST
586	god	"I haven't downvoted you in days, man.""Fed to the lions""? Because people disagree with you? Oh please.You sound a wee bit paranoid, mate. I'm not downvoting you, and nobody is ""persecuting"" you either. You've been quite free to express your opinions. If you don't like the fact that people can respond to your opinions by voting them up or down or by posting their own counter-arguments, you are in the wrong forum."	AGAINST
587	god	 There is no solid proof that god exists, Therefore until proven he does, He doesn't.  /   /> Remember, 'Innocent until 'Proven' Guilt.'	AGAINST
588	god	 Hey... Wait. There is little proof for or against god. And Does it really matter? Hey- yes. I believe in a god. Doesn't mean I believe in everything associated with a god (such as an afterlife), but i believe in god. Just as an... Observer	FAVOR
589	god	"The absence of proof does not prove absence.  The absence of proof does not prove presence, either.  The absence of proof does not provide reason to consider God even possible.  After 10,000 years of belief. there is not even a decent collection of evidence, let alone proof, one must conclude that such an entity is misconceived.  The pervasive Judeo-Christian-islamic God should have been clearly proven long ago.Is there something ""bigger"" than us, something which is everywhere at the same time, something which contains all the knowledge there is?  Nature, which we do perceive, certainly qualifies.  Conceiving of God as a conscious being is a wrong way of conceiving of answers to the questions above.  That's why there's such a long-standing absence of proof.So, we can validly say, There is no such thing as God, as described by those who claim to think so."	AGAINST
590	god	"Objection to Objection 3:Atheistic regimes have slaughtered upwards of 100 million people And religion hasn't done its share of slaughtering? How about the unrecorded atrocities committed in the name of god during colonial times? and the continuing killings going on now the name of that same entity in the middle east and all over the world? what about sacrifices done to god by the mayans and astecs? Killings in the name of one god or another are in everyone's history books. Why continue perpetuating myths? When you mention atheistic regimes I assume you are referring mostly done by communism, in which case the reason behind it was ideology... not ""atheism"". Whereas in the religious killings, the name of god was actually used as a reason."	AGAINST
591	god	"Yes, I understand the difference between a scientific theory and a scientific fact. I have a scientific bachelor's degree and I know that scientists do ""make stuff up"" = ""postulate"".  It's the first step in the process."	FAVOR
592	god	"1) The Christians persecuted the pagan Romans with far, far more fervor than the pagan Romans had when ""persecuting"" Christians. Persecution of Christians prior to the conversion of Rome was occasional and local; the laws were directed primarily at clergymembers and at ""church property."" Extermination of non-Christians after the conversion of Rome, on the other hand, was a wholesale pogrom that lasted until Rome itself was no more.2) The original Sixth Commandment used a word for ""murder"" that only applied to the unjustified killing of Israelites. By definition, one could not ""murder"" a non-Israelite. So the commandment is more accurately translated as ""don't kill your own."" Had it been a blanket prohibition on killing, the Israelites would have been in violation of it quite routinely, as they attacked plenty of neighboring non-Jews.3) If ""true Christians"" never asked for anybody to be put to death, then by your own admission the entirety of your religion has been a big steaming pile o' horsehockey throughout its whole history, because Christians have been doing that since Christianity first appeared, and they still are.4) Not associating Catholics with Christians is looney-tunes. Catholics are the original, biggest, and most powerful Christian denomination. And the fact that ""one of the main reasons why pilgrims left England was because of their freedom of religion to not be persecuted by Catholics"" totally supports my point. Not only have the Christians been killing the non-Christians since time out of mind, but when they run out of non-Christians to kill they turn on each other. The Protestants and Catholics in England were equally brutal towards one another. Then the Protestants came to the Americas and massacred the native folks here. 5) You've reduced your position to ""Christian equals me, and anybody who thinks exactly like me."" Most self-defined ""Christians"" would not agree. You are not the authority on who is and isn't a ""Christian."" Hell, in my opinion, NONE of you are real ""Christians"" since you all blatantly ignore the teachings of Christ, who advocated giving up all worldly possessions and living an aesthetic lifestyle devoted to god. But leave that as it may, objectively the ""Christians"" are the people who define themselves as ""Christians,"" and they've killed loads and loads of folks. So nope, still not buying your BS (""belief system"") here."	AGAINST
593	god	Who says the Creator of all those laws is bound by them?	FAVOR
594	god	"The weight of evidence since the big bang has nothing to say about conditions before the big bang.  What laws governed are the subject of mere speculation.  There simply is no experience and no empirical evidence from which to draw conclusions.As for laws as we know them, no one has claimed that we should doubt them.  Certainly the possibility of a God does not preclude them fron functioning just as we expect them to.We could go back and forth with a ""yes you are"" - ""no I'm not"" conversation but that serves no purpose.  Baring anything that actually supports the position that a God would invalidate all physical laws, I don't think there's much more to discuss."	FAVOR
595	god	"Isn't it amazing that Mankind still debates the existence of God?Man isn't sure that he believes in God,...yet all the while God still believes in Man, and extends His hand in creation of the foundation for reconciliation and the offer is still open while Man breathes.Hebrews 11:1 offers us confidence that even as God believes in His own existence and the existence of Man, Man has the opportunity to believe in God with confidence.The LORD has apparently never seen the NEED to prove his existence because He doesn't need it!  He KNOWS He exists!On the other hand, Man HAS apparently often questioned his own existence, ergo a statement of belief in Man's own existence was necessary to be codified, ""I think!  Therefore, I am!""If Man who is often agnostic about his own existence can't use the Five Senses to verify this simple premise, why then does Man thinks that God can trust Man with greater knowledge of God's existence?If man questions what he CAN see, and demands that God show himself in order to make Man believe, how then is Man really going to believe (should God chose to ""jump through that hoop"") when he already questions the SEEN?With all due respects, Man is a religious being!  Belief toward God or Belief away from God is a presupposed position held-to religiously that rebels against logic tenaciously!An atheist may call me illogical, but only if he or she is willingly to wear illogical as a moniker, too!  :)"	FAVOR
596	god	Xaeon I thought Vishnu was of Hinduism? Please explain to me who Vishnu is then.	FAVOR
597	god	You seem to think that at the same time the big bang happened the earth was created. The earth is about four billion years old, but the big bang happened somewhere between 13-14 billion years ago. The gases that made up the earth came according to big bang theory ultimately from that big bang - but not (and this is important) all at the same time. All-at-the-same-time is the bible version of creation, remember.This is the problem with many of the arguments the religious side makes here - you make up a simplified straw-man out of what you believe one theory or another says and have obviously not studied these theory's, probably because you live in parts of your country where religion has such a stronghold that you don't get to learn these things. This forces us to spend most of our time correcting your ridiculous and flawed statements - and then some of you get very hurt when we assault your intelligence. At least we have studied the foundation of your claims	AGAINST
598	god	"Even ""possibility"" must have supportable reason for claiming it. I must ask you this: is there anything in human discovery and understanding that would even remotely support the possibility of a flying plate of spaghetti with superpowers? We ought not fling ""possibility"" about so carelessly.For a thing to be possible, it must follow from what nature is capable of like anything else.Even possibility needs proof. When we attempt to treat what we can only imagine as equal to what we know to be true, we spit in the face of fact and logic and, rather than increasing our awareness, we return to childish sleeping."	AGAINST
599	god	I do not know who Rama is but Hinduism is their main religion by I believe the numbers to be above 75 % of the population so it is safe to assume that you can say a God is of India or the other places it is worshiped make it fine to refer to that God to be of that specific place rite? or am I off my rocker?	FAVOR
600	god	 Well when you get right down to it... No. If he did exist then why doesn't he do something about the global financial crisis and terrorism?	AGAINST
601	god	""" Assuming that we are correct that we humans are the most complex life-forms created, it is reasonable to assume that the worldÃ•s Source is capable of at least as much complexity as we reflect.""If you really believed in god that's the by far the most insulting thing ever said.We're a tiny spec in our own galaxy and we're the most complex life-form?  We're formed on the ghost of Sagittarius, life probably started from the ashes of the previous galaxy. Where that came from I don't know.  The only language that will be able to tell us this will math, of that much I'm entirely sure."	AGAINST
602	god	Why do things happen by chance then? Why is there randomness in the world?	FAVOR
603	god	Love in a real sense doesn't exist. It is something in our heads. I revel and delight in it, yes, but this doesn't mean there is an objective source for love. Are two corpses who were married in life still in love? You also give your own arguement away by argueing love because ,like love, god is in our heads too and while the idea is very real in the sense that it affects reality through the actions of people there is nothing substantial to back any of it up. Saying god told you to hug a tree for the rest of your life holds the same weight as if you said I love this tree therefore I have to hug it for the rest of my life. The differnce is love is innate and the idea of god has to be taught and indoctrinated.	AGAINST
604	god	You are both ducking the question. Ok, one true God, Yahweh, and a lot of mythical wantabes. But what is God? When we say we believe in God, what is he.	FAVOR
605	god	LOL!Who said to tell the truth is the greater good? You're assuming that telling the truth always results in the greater good huh? I bet you can think of 1 billion ways in which a lie can work better.Again, I am not saying God is a lie. I am first trying to state whether or not belief in God for the masses is better than lack of belief... and then whether that belief should be promoted.You're now bringing religion into the argument. It's kind of annoying when people do that when it completely misses the point. But just for the sake of it... let me destroy it. it has given way to horrible things through fanatismThe key word in this is FANATISM. NOT RELIGION. A fanatic in ANYTHING will always result in extreme actions. Take PETA for example. They are not religious, but they can definately take a lot of shi far.It has also allowed governments to control populations through the use of those beliefs.Governments will always control populations. That is what they do. If it's not religion they're using, it will be something else. The GOVERNMENT is RESPONSIBLE for USING RELIGION, NOT RELIGION ITSELF!It has also fostered artificial divisions between different cultures, eventualy leading to wars.Whether you like it or not, people are ALWAYS GOING TO HAVE DIFFERENCES. These differences are ALWAYS GOING TO BE USED by PEOPLE OF POWER for THEIR OWN OBJECTIVES.Do you get the picture? Religion should not be taking the blame.I don't think we need God anymore to know what is good or bad. I think people are capable to figure things out on their own.Well atleast you've answered the question. However it's not really an argument.The point I've CONSISTENTLY made is that people are NOT able to figure out things on their own. That is why we have laws and rules. My point is that God is better at this than any human alive.	FAVOR
606	god	If I was to say the invisible flying speghetti monster exists and created the god that you believe in - how would you prove that it doesn't.You might try finding the origination of that belief and discrediting it source, by finding inconsistencies within the beliefs, or inconsistencies with what they believed and our current knowledge.for example - if a religion believed:there was an earth with water and grass and trees and night and day - before there was a sun or moonGen 1:1-16that the sun and moon are in our atmosphereGen 1:8,14god created animals then man and woman in Gen 1:24-27 but also he created man first, then animals, then woman in Gen 2:18-22Sons of God (nephilim) had sex with the daughters of men and created giants Gen 6:2-4the omniscient, all powerful, all good creator god regretted creating everything and decided to kill all humans, plants, and air and land animals less than 1700 years after creation, but decides to let one 600 year old man build a football field sized boat and get all the animals and enough food for them to live more than a year at sea since there was enough water to cover the entire earth more than 22 ft higher than the tallest mountain Gen 6:6-7God told Noah to take a male and female of every animal Gen 6:19-20 and four verses later says to bring 7 pairs of every clean animal and 2 of animals that are not clean Gen 7:2all in the first seven (out of 50) chapters of Genesisif you were to read a book like this that was not called the bible - you would likely wonder what crazy stuff people were smoking in thise days	AGAINST
607	god	Oh really?...I think its safe to say that i dont need to depend on a imaginaryman to persue my dreams and live a good life.	AGAINST
608	god	no why would one waste the time an effort worrying about god live life here and now if a god exists you will know soon enough, and if one does exist i would imagine he just laughs at organized religion	AGAINST
609	god	"I was not planning on using every known country that worshiped Hinduism I was making the example that I am sure there are quite a few people in the world that do not know who Vishnu is and it is safe to say that Vishnu is a god of India but better put would have been Hinduism. and just 1 question why did you say they were not? what is the answer? ""I'll give you a hint; they're not the god/s of India."""	FAVOR
610	god	too bad for them that they are all false. Have you ever noticed how gods want exactly what thier inventers want?	AGAINST
611	god	"First, let me say thank you for leaving a response instead of simply voting me down like the rest of these jerks :)Now then...""How do you suppose the Big Bang came to be?""I don't know. And neither do you. It is impossible to answer this question. It could have been God. It could have been space aliens. It could have been ten dimensional space rocks crashing together. The universe could simply have always existed. There are an infinite number of possible explanations.""And what about miracles?""A ""miracle"" is just something we haven't found the cause of yet. Do you have any particular examples?See also: confirmation bias.""look at the intricacy of the trees, etc.""This is the Argument from Design. I respond with the Argument from Poor Design. One example of poor design: In human females, the birth canal passes through the pelvis. If an infant's head is too big they will not fit and before c-sections death for the mother was the usual result.There are many, many other examples of poor design. To me the evidence points not to an all-powerful, benevolent designer, but rather a universe ruled by non-intelligent patterns emerging from chaos."	AGAINST
612	god	I appreciate you posting the link. I looked through it, but honestly the site is kind of difficult to find the answers to my questions on. Not that I doubt that they're there, I just couldn't find them.In general the questions I asked were just to prove that the creator of the argument had a simplistic view of the world. I don't really care about a person's personal beliefs, but his argument was just hilariously flawed.I will point out one thing funny I saw on the site, just because I can't help myself.Is it okay to think and talk about issues that aren't taught in church? Find out what your LDS Guide, the scriptures, and Church Leaders have to say.I'm sure it's well intentioned, but I just found it a hilarious statement on religion. No offense intended.	AGAINST
613	god	Well I think while we are on Earth, we should enjoy our time here. However, this does not mean go crazy and forget about the end. There has to be a nice balance between the two. Watch the game and enjoy it, but glance over at the scoreboard every once in a while.	FAVOR
614	god	"I affirm this, we forget the logical flaw of attributing somethings complexity to God. ""Well, it looks really complicated, THEREFORE something beyond our realm of physics must have done it"". It's a very vague premise that if something currently unexplainable happened that something beyond all explanation did it.Note also that words like ""complicated"" and ""beautiful"" are self-assessed and subjective. It's statistically a random chaotic mess, it's easier to gradually learn to like something then have the entire universe arranged specifically to our enjoyment."	AGAINST
615	god	so if i was french irish does that mean i would have to half-believe in god, or believe in a different god? If you feel compelled to believe your parents that doesn't mean they are right.	AGAINST
616	god	You know what? They are right, we are no different than animals, there is no God I'm happy and content knowing that now my life is easier because of it and when I die that will be all, that's a pretty happy ending to a great life, shitty or not.	FAVOR
617	god	"""as a Catholic, I DO believe in God""nice tautology but that's not really a reason for believing is it? If your kid asked you why you belive and didn't just accept because your Catholic, how would you explain it to them"	AGAINST
618	god	I did that unintentionally cause I didn't know if it went threw or not when my computer was having problems.	FAVOR
619	god	"You wrote: ""Given the lack of proof, in scientific terms, either way, those who do not believe in God may actually be faithful equally to those who do believe in God, only their   faith   is in the lack of a God.""Although I agree with what you're saying, why do we continue to run to   science   for validation of our beliefs?  There are things that science cannot do.  Scientific knowledge has proven to be false in many instances... by science itself.  Science is limited to areas of naturalism-- it CAN'T prove or disprove the SUPERnatural.  I say, let's run to the principles of jurisprudence, where probability is honored.  I believe BEYOND ALL REASONABLE DOUBT that God exists. "	FAVOR
620	god	 Thank you God, that I exist, that everybody exist, that this whole world exists. God is real.  / For sure.	FAVOR
621	god	" How can you possibly state that the existence of the universe itself is reason enough to believe in a powerful, supernatural being. You stated in a comment that ""everything that begins to exist has a cause"", so what caused god to exist?, Unless you mean he is an ""actual infinite"", but wait, you also stated that ""an actual infinite can't exist"". You even defined God as ""Infinitely perfect creator and sustainer of the universe...""  />   /> It appears that you are contradicting yourself whilst stumbling over your pathetic arguments.  />   /> How do you know it was god that you had an encounter with, it could have been a state of semi-consciousness brought on by a range of physiological causes.  />   /> Then there is your argument that the universe is complex, therefore god made it. This is a perfect example of imperfect logic, here's an analogy: When Ben sleeps in, he is late for school, Ben is late for school, therefore, he must have slept in. This kind of logic is stated without first thinking about other possibilities and without thinking it through, just like your argument"	AGAINST
622	god	"You are seriously misinformed about the nature of scientific knowledge.Yes, our understanding of physics is constantly being refined. However, there are some basic concepts that have been confirmed over and over again and are not in doubt. Yes, occasionally we find a special case in which an old rule seems not to apply, but that leads us to the discovery of new, broader rules, which can be simplified in each special case to the old ones. We have wholly rejected some very old theories, most of which were formulated before the idea of the scientific method was popular. (As a ""scientist"" Aristotle claimed that objects fall because they want to, and that projectiles move forward because that is in their nature.) However, by and large we are building upon old knowledge rather than scrapping it entirely.One of the concepts which we come to, time and time again, in all different areas of physics, is the concept of symmetry and conservation. There are several fundamental quantities (or related pairs quantities, like energy and mass, or space and time) that follow invariance rules. Conservation of mass and energy is a very basic, foundational principle, and one which is not at all in doubt among scientists."	AGAINST
623	god	"The Big Bang Theory is as much a ""lazy excuse for how everything was made"" as you say God is. Scientists can only theorize on how the universe was created. Their theories are no more credible than the age-old explanation of creation, and God.Many people reject the concept of Christian faith; however, one MUST have faith even to believe the scientific theories of the big bang, and evolution."	FAVOR
624	god	why are people so skeptic, just because there isnt much evidence, doesnt mean that God doesnt exist!Im only a teenager, but i believe that there has to be something out there watching over us all, otherwise nothing really makes u cant sense.We have to have faith...I agree, what happens when you die? it's hardly like a tv going blank. Your soul cant just die.	FAVOR
625	god	"People allowed to think for themselves are able to think more clearly about tolerance towards others, compassion, and the common good more than religious people who are only taught to follow without questioning. The only reason why we haven't been able to ""figure it out"" is because we keep on hammering the issue of god through religion over and over and over and over.... Religion is present in every sphere and it makes it difficult for those who want to talk about god-less morality, as they are shunned as if it was something impossible. What do you think of a god-less morality?"	AGAINST
626	god	Yes, but the null position should still be the atheist position, not the agnostic position.  Fantastic claims, whether the Flying Spaghetti Monster (blessed be His name, amen) or a God, who created the Universe, exist, require fantastic evidence.  Particularly when you claim that God created a Universe 14.5 billion years ago, to be at least 26 billion light years across 13 billion years ago (because the furthest galaxy we can see now is 13 billion light years away, and the light from there has therefore taken 13 billion years to get here), with about 10,000 billion billion stars, just for the benefit of humans on a tiny speck of rock orbiting a totally insignificant star.  And yet this God is still around, listening to the prayers of his believers, and occasionally granting but usually ignoring them, without ever actually giving any proof of his existence.  I expect that when I press the submit button, if there is a God, I will be instantly electrocuted for blasphemy.	AGAINST
627	god	 If god wasn't real, why are we alive.  / If you say cavemen, then what created the caveman  /> Any other theories, just ask yourself how was it created	FAVOR
628	god	Once again, in response to the video. If there are two ultimatums, that Everything came from nothing, or that it always existed, then why does the universe have to have a beginning? You've just assumed this and then closed off the causality cycle with the opposite argument.	AGAINST
629	god	 God of what?	FAVOR
630	god	 I do believe that God is there...	FAVOR
631	god	I believe that god is all encompassing and all around you and is a tangent because I only have a deep feeling of it and I Know It's there.  I do not preach.  I do not feel obliged to force religion on others.  I believe god has been dragged through the mud by government officials for war. God is God	FAVOR
632	god	 I believe so. Your story sounds interesting.  You should tell me about it.	FAVOR
633	god	it is left over from when we had no answers to these questions so we made answers up. the idea of a god was around long before the bible - were those gods all made up?? - then why not one more	AGAINST
634	god	Since there are an enormous number of God concepts floating around, one could hardly disprove them all. For that matter, some people define God as having a positive attitude towards lile. Can't disagree with that! However, If by God, you refer to a being greater than which one cannot conceive, I argue that such a being does not exist.Nothing is ever as good as you think it will be. It follows that the being greater than which one cannot conceive cannot actually exist because it would therefore be less than another being that was like the first but non existent. Therefore there is no God.	AGAINST
635	god	There are many other scientific reasons why the universe was created	AGAINST
636	god	"One does not have to believe that Jesus was the Lord to believe in his teachings. ""Do unto others as you would have them do unto you"" (and many other sayings) is smart thinking for just about anyone...regardless of whether or not they came from some fake Sky Fairy."	AGAINST
637	god	Beginning in the 19th century historians began to investigate whether there was any actual historical evidence of Jesus. James Frazer was the first to really study Christianity dispassionately. He found that Christmas comes from a pagan tradition, and early Christians piggybacked their holiday on it. He also discovered that the idea of a reborn god (like the story of Jesus) exists in many primitive religions and cultures. He discovered it comes from crops dying and growing again. Eventually he came to the conclusion that there is no evidence for Jesus having ever existed.After hearing this, the Catholic church took the position that their beliefs were not based on evidence but faith alone.	AGAINST
638	god	Actually that's not entirely true. The only account of Jesus Christ is the one found in the Bible. Historians have searched for other proof of his existence and found none.	AGAINST
639	god	There are large Hindu populations in Bangladesh, Maritius, Guyana, Nepal, and many other countries, so Hinduism isn't just in India.	FAVOR
640	god	ask yourself, how did humans existed in this world? It is very impossible that without any creator, people would exist in this world. A pair of cells is needed in order to produce a new living thing.	FAVOR
641	god	Intelligent Design   Your comment: More and more respected academics are seeing the immense flaws in the evolution argument. is completely untrue as far as I have seen in 37 years and I live & work with academics (they are mostly scientists) (and I am one). During this time I have met one 'scientist' (not an academic) who supported ID (tho I think he is now reconsidering). Blanket false statements like this establish lack of credibility. 	AGAINST
642	god	"I am an Atheist meaning I do not believe in ""God"" of course. I was raised by two Very Christian parents and yet I still do not believe in ""God"" I believe in logic, not religion it makes all the more sense to believe in logic than religion. All ten of the ""plagues"" from the bible can be explained by reason and logic. I mean I do not look down at anyone who believes in ""God"" because it is their life and their choice. I am simply just stating what I believe."	AGAINST
643	god	Yes it is true that we were not there. But there is always something there, such as geographical evidence. No one has tried to say that they saw how the world was created. No, instead they try to prove through factual evidence that it was created. To go off a book that was created billions of years after the world created with no factual evidence besides people seeing/hearing some divine figure is rediculous	AGAINST
644	god	exactly. In nature there is something called synergy. that is, when two materials fused together make for a stronger (for example)material than the sum of the strength of the materials separately. This happens because of how they interrelate for certain mathematical forms are stronger than others. A tetrahedron is a stronger form then a box for example different forms coming together randomly can cause huge exponential changes	FAVOR
645	god	"The basis of my argument is that God's word (whatever religion it is you are talking about) impedes our ability to reason about the consequences and impacts of our choices/actions. Any formalized set of rules does this when people are told to follow without questioning because something is supposed to be ""good"". Cases come up over and over again in everyday life, not just in difficult cases like abortion, euthanasia, cloning, where we confront the fact that reality is NOT black and white. But god's word and formalized rules want to simplify reality for us and this is where they fail. You should watch this ted talk about the ability to solve problems v.s. the ability to follow rules. Claiming to ""know the answer"" is the characteristic of zealous religious people, who believe that a rule given by god is THE only answer. The scientific reasoning is precisely to question those things that may seem as ""absolutes"". Regarding knowledge or education it would be absurd to say that we now know less things about the world than we did in the past. So, in the past - in the midst of more ignorance, it made sense to believe that if you don't worship a certain way god will get angry and stop the rain and your crops will die; but now, such a simple minded reason behind the need to behave well would not be accepted as we know more about how the world works. In this sense, we have more information needed to make decisions. I don't think it is necessary to think about difficult or modern day examples (cloning, abortion, euthanasia) and figure out how to apply religion to it. In every day decisions we are always forced to ""bend"" the words in the book because they can't provide answers. Then people argue that it is their own ""personal"" relationship to god what matters -- it would seem as if everyone has a different conception of God anyway, these words are then subjective and left to interpretation. No one is adhering to the words strictly because the words are too narrow. The world is not black and white. Teaching ethics and moral behavior requires a lot more than making people behave like sheep."	AGAINST
646	god	How can u critizes people who take scientific proof and reason to why the world was created. Religion is ignorant. If a super natural being created the universe than how was he (God) created. Even the big bang theory gives more rational evidence than the bible. Earth being created and sustaining water and land, creating a moon, and such all have factual evidence in HOW it was done. And yes the human race has been striving to X out god, and they have been succesful. They've X'ed out many things that the church once believed. It is only a matter of time till there is nothing more to X out. Then we will see who is ignorant. I wish this so called creator, instead of hiding, would step out and show him self. 	AGAINST
647	god	"""I know it will insult you if I tell you that I will pray for you""Of course it does not. Many of my Christian friends pray for me. And I hope beyond hope that they will shed their mental shackles and one day breathe the air of freedom and truth. To each our own :)You sound like a standard evangelical Christian, and you just say how much God loves us and how he is wonderful and amazing and all that jazz. I mean, you ignore the fact that your bible is almost completely rewritten by corrupt Catholics in the dark ages, and that every scroll found of the traditional bible is highly contradictory, and none even mentioning the resurrection. (Yes, nothing pre-Catholic mentions your 'savior'). But you've completely ignored the fact that people create gods. If you can understand why you so easily dismiss those 1,000 other gods, perhaps you can understand why I dismiss the 1001. God is not a prerequisite for love. God does not love. At best, he is indifferent. I think it's very righteous of you to think he loves you. Do you presume that he loves the millions of children that starve to death? Does he love the millions that die of cancer, and other diseases that 'he' created? No 'loving' god would create literally thousands of horrific painful deaths. He obviously hand created cancer. Himself. Every part of it. Science believes cancer is a flaw in our evolution, just how we are. But god is flawless, therefore we should be 'flawless' as his creation. So, you believe that every horrific disease and death is an example of how wonderful and loving this 'god' is? Honestly that's kind of sick. If there's a 'he', he can't love us. You would never do what he 'does' to those you love. Earthquakes and volcanoes and the flu. This world sucks, honestly."	AGAINST
648	god	...therefore God exists. The logic is inescapable!Oh, wait, no, I forgot... the difficulty of holding a belief has nothing to do with it's validity. Silly me!	AGAINST
649	god	 What Pyrus said. The Bible is proof of His existence.	FAVOR
650	god	 I'm pretty sure the secret number is 69.	AGAINST
651	god	"Your reasoning is nonsense and has no sound justification.What William Carroll reminds us , Ã’St. Thomas Aquinas developed an analysis of the doctrine of creation ex nihilo that remains one of the enduring accomplishments of Western culture. The key to Aquinas' analysis is the distinction he draws between creation and change. The natural sciences, whether Aristotelian or those of our own day, have as their subject the world of changing things: from sub-atomic particles to acorns to galaxies. Whenever there is a change there must be something that changes. The Greeks are right: from nothing, nothing comes; that is, if the verb ""to come"" means a change. All change requires an underlying material reality.Creation, on the other hand, is the radical causing of the whole existence of whatever exists. To cause completely something to exist is not to produce a change in something, is not to work on or with some already existing material. If, in producing something new, an agent were to use something already existing, the agent would not by itself be the complete cause of the new thing. But such a complete causing is precisely what creation is. To create is to give existence, and all things are totally dependent upon God for the very fact that they are. God does not take nothing and make something out of ""it."" Rather, anything left entirely to itself, separated from the cause of its existence, would be absolutely nothing. Creation is not some distant event; it is the continuing, complete causing of the existence of everything that is. Creation, thus, is a subject for metaphysics and theology, not for the natural sciences.What is essential to Christian faith, according to Aquinas, is the ""fact of creation,"" not the manner or mode of the formation of the world. Aquinas' firm adherence to the truth of Scripture without falling into the trap of literalistic readings of the text offers valuable correction for exegesis of the Bible which concludes that one must choose between the literal interpretation of the Bible and modern science. For Aquinas, the literal meaning of the Bible is what God, its author, intends the words to mean. The literal sense of the text includes metaphors, similes, and other figures of speech useful to accommodate the truth of the Bible to the understanding of its readers. For example, when one reads in the Bible that God stretches out His hand, one ought not think that God has a hand. The literal meaning of such passages concerns God's power, not His anatomy. Nor ought one think that the six days at the beginning of Genesis literally refer to God's acting in time, for God's creative act is instantaneous.Ã“Recent speculations that the universe began as ""quantum tunneling from nothing"" reaffirm the ancient Greek principle that you cannot get something from nothing. For the ""vacuum"" of modern particle physics, whose ""fluctuation"" some see as bringing our universe into existence, is not absolutely nothing. It is not anything like our present universe, but it still is something. Or else, how could it fluctuate?  Even if the universe were the result of the fluctuation of a primal vacuum, it would not be a self-creating universe. The need to explain the existence of things does not disappear.So to say that matter cannot be created or destroyed just indicates its within a closed system and has no bearing on whether God brought it into existence or not.  "	FAVOR
652	god	Saying that   god   doesn't exist because he does not step in and counteract problems that humans have brought on themselves is an unreasonable statement. I'm not saying that the that the people that are dying in Africa deserve to die to to genocide or starvation or anything else. I am saying that since god gave man and women free will the things that befall us are the doings of man. We create starvation and war and   poverty  . Since god gave us free will humans choose their own path whether it is for the bettering of man or for the worsening. It is not his choices that put people in these situations but our own. Why would he step in and   change   thing when we have the power to change things for ourselves. We create our own world not god he just gave us the power to do so.	FAVOR
653	god	"This ties in nicely with my perception of there only being NOW. The past is forever gone except for ""memories""(not so reliable memories) I NOW have and the future has not arrived except for hopes and plans I have NOW that it will arrive in a way I would like it to. But in reality I wave only this milli micro moment to DO anything that might create a future NOW.As the   bible   put it.These three remain FAITH - that what I now think I remember actually was HOPE - that what I wantand am now planning will actually occurand LOVE and the greatest of these is love because it is what I can do NOW based on my memory of a past to create the future I am hoping will come into existence."	FAVOR
654	god	There is a God and he lives in all of us.	FAVOR
655	god	"I'm afraid ""conventional wisdom"" isn't a very firm basis on which to rest an argument. ""Conventional wisdom"" has held a lot of things which turned out to be wrong. Moreover, it is not clear that the conventional wisdom cited here is in fact universal to the human species (and even if it were, so what? Humankind can't be wrong?). I would suspect that this is a cultural, not a species, assumption. An idea, for example, which had been dominant in the West was that of the great chain of being, where all things were connected in this chain, and related things looked like one another. Thus, in the Renaissance walnuts were thought to be good for treating problems with the brain because they resembled human brains. An even bigger objection is that the claim that things tend to ""reflect"" their source seems to be inaccurate. It is also a vague phrase that can probably be shifted in ways that make it impossible to disprove, but let's leave that aside. The examples given here really stack the deck. For any one exmaple of how a thing looks like its source, I could likely give 10 examples of things that do not. Knowledge looks nothing like the books from which it was obtained; books look nothing like trees; trees look nothing like acorns; acorns, in turn, look nothing like trees, nor like sunlight, water, or nutrients. I shouldn't have to belabor the obvious here - claiming that things resemble their sources is such a vague claim that it is largely meaningless, and if the claim is made more specific, it becomes less apparent that this is something we should assume, ""conventional wisdom"" or not. Without this very problematic assumption, there is no argument. The American atheists must really be slacking off if they haven't registered an objection to this ""argument"" yet."	AGAINST
656	god	Exactly	AGAINST
657	god	of course he is just have faith it will help you in the end i hope you people who say no dont burn i shall pray 4 u so ok	FAVOR
658	god	Ever heard of St. Vitus' Dance?	AGAINST
659	god	Stop down voting me i like having a debate but if everytime I leave a comment you down vote I'm just going to stop. i have stopped down voting you. It's almost an unfair format in here being one of the few and only conservative Christians in this entire CreateDebate it's like being fed to the Lions. That's why any conservative in here gets jumped all over, there's nothing to argue agianst when all of you our on the same belief. You guys need someone like me to make it interesting.	FAVOR
660	god	"Much of the understanding of scientific logic here is incorrect. The very laws of physics are based on theory. We can measure but based on presuppositions. For example: we know that gravity existence, but we presuppose the theory's of how gravity came into being. Thus Gravity is still a theory. Through Physics we have discovered that the earth is fine tuned for life to exist. Mathematically life elsewhere is improbable  There are very few facts of   science   much more theories. Perhaps there needs to be studying more on these aspects and let the evidence lead you to a conclusion rather than searching for a conclusion to meet your belieifs.  There is good research by Michael Behe ""irreducible complexity"", and the Robin Collins ""Fine tuning."" If there is going to be a debate there needs to be a better knowledge of scientific exploration and theory. Some scientist to read- Michael Ruse (  evolution  ), David Berlinski , Rick Larson, Gregory a. Boyd, Johnathan Wells "	FAVOR
661	god	"There is no evidence to support any god. it is that plain and simple. Like Carol Sagan said ""Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence"" For the claim that there is an almighty supreme being there should be all kinds of evidence, but there isn't a shred of evidence."	AGAINST
662	god	"""1. You do not have instrumentation that can detect them and and relay that information in a manner that our 5 senses can sense them.""yes, that is true... however considering that we know that there are radio broadcasts going on near by (even though I do not have my cell phone on me I know that it gets a signal where I am sitting) I don't think that it is unreasonable to assume that there are radio waves passing through me right now.""2. If you do not have that instrumentation tuned into the frequency those   energy   signals are transmitting on.""That is a strange way to put it... but again, yes.""3. There may be many other energy waves than radio tv infra red ultra violet light rays.""getting stranger now, but also true... there are sound waves to consider for one.""Thought waves for example, we cannot even read thought waves""Que?  It depends on what you mean by 'Thought Waves'... if you are talking about the frequency of electrical signals traveling through the brain you are correct in that we cannot 'read' them.  We can detect them but we cannot interpret them.""who knows what other energy signals are out there that we simply cannot detect withn our current detection facilities.""Also true, however that reasoning allows for an infinite number of possibilities...  We 'could' be organic robots controlled by tachyon signals being projected from Saturn.""Just because you don't know its there does not mean it doesn't exist.""Can't the same thing be said for Unicorns and underwear gnomes?"	AGAINST
663	god	I understand how life is capable on Earth. I don't mean to boast, but I've taken AP Physics and AP Biology, as well as a year of honors Chemistry and Honors Biology freshman year- I'm well versed in the sciences (And I hope to go into medicine or mechanics!) Therefore, I'm fairly certain I know how there is life on Earth.But we don't know why life is here! God always was and always will be. He is a complete enigma and a mystery to the human race. Any attempt to explain who He is and why He did the things He did is impossible.	FAVOR
664	god	the only way we know it exists is because of the impact it has on space around it....much like Gd and satan!    /	FAVOR
665	god	The evidence suggests that God does not exist in the sense that my dog exists but that he does exist in the sense that my love for my dog exists.Love is real. God is real	FAVOR
666	god	So you're attempting to use the bible as a reliable source for the bible? Are you serious?	AGAINST
667	gayRights	"Ok, ANOTHER ""accredited   college  "" with a pretty evident anti gay stance. They just say it really nice. Gay families raise   children   to be more likely to have sex earlier and declare their ""gayness"". WHERE? And WHOM?They site no studies that are non-Christian but just scientific research. At least they don't give a free pass to hetro's by saying ALL children are best served in a family with a MARRIED mommy and daddy. Ugh, there's no end to this debate. I just don't get WHY I have to debate ANYTHING about my persoanl, and VERY private life. Who has the right to debate ME about ME? How can you tell ME I am wrong about me? I know me...even I tried to not be how I am...but after the 2nd wonderful time of being raped by God loving males who knew it was their duty to ""bring me around"", I let it be, I accepted me as God child, no more, no less. "	FAVOR
668	gayRights	"so do people wake up one morning and deside, hey, im going to like people of blank gender!no, they do not. you start getting crushes and likeing people in pre-school, what could have already influenced them by then? they havent been exposed to sex or anything, they dont know what ""gay"" is, so how can they be influenced or choose?"	FAVOR
669	gayRights	You want a 1 year old child in an orphanage to decide? Why not let them vote, drink, smoke, drive and do other things then... please, they are children and not old enough to make such choices! Plus, do you really think that a child would rather stay in an orphanage than be loved by 2 people in a home where they have family... even if that family is 2 men? I have friends (heterosexuals) who just adopted a 2 year old child because they cannot have kids... that child has some issues, but is so happy to no longer be in an orphanage!	FAVOR
670	gayRights	"I'm genuinely astonished that people seriously:1. think it is rational that a book written by human beings could actually represent the views of God, and reasonable to use the Bible as a literal supernatural rendering of right and wrong. All religious texts are an expression of human values, specifically those of the authors. It is a noble endeavor to engage questions of morality. I think it is hubris if people aren't deeply troubled about using a book written by human beings as the basis for claims about God. 2. I'm also astonished by people who use the Bible as an expression of God's will so easily ignore the things that don't trouble them, like Paul's instruction that women should cover their heads in church (and keep their mouths shut, by the way), while being so certain that homosexuality is a sin and going to great lengths to shame, stereotype (in many cases, commit false witness against - intentionally, or, through their lack of education about these issues, unintentionally), and discriminate against gays and lesbians.I pray for the day when it is no longer acceptable for people to deny responsibility for their beliefs or actions by saying ""well, that's what the Bible says, that's what I was taught is true.""  We can and must do better than this for the sake of humanity."	FAVOR
671	gayRights	"Because of all the ""rules and regulations"", and headache that comes with being a gay parent, there doesn't really seem to be too many of them.  But I promise this, you can mark a tally under the yes column when the research does start.  I know I did the best I could regardless of my home situation."	FAVOR
672	gayRights	"Yes, there is very likely choice involved for SOME people who fall more towards the middle of Kinsey's spectrum of orientation.  But the further one falls toward either end of the spectrum, the less choice is involved.  I think this is one of the difficulties gay people face in society.  There are a significant number of people, both in straight and gay relationships, who honestly recognize that they DID have a choice -- they COULD have fallen in love with someone of either gender.  These people are bisexual, even if they do not personally identify as such.  And many of them, both gay- and straight-identifying, generalize their experience to the rest of the population and assume that, because THEY had a choice, EVERYONE ELSE must also have had the same choice, must have the same feelings they experience.  This presents a problem for the people at the far-end of the gay side of the spectrum.  People at the ""straight"" end are not hurt by the issue of ""choice"" -- they have society's official okey-dokey and often simply assume that people in same-gender relationships are just ""perverse"" and have decided for some inexplicable reason to do something that the straight-end folks cannot imagine doing.The people more towards the middle just assume that everyone had they same choice they did, and that therefore, they should simply accept the ""consequences"" of that ""choice.""The people at the far-end on the homosexual side, however, know that they didn't have a choice.  Nobody ever gave them a choice.  They've been this way for as long as they can remember, and yet they have all the other people pointing a finger at them and telling them they MUST have chosen to be this way.  Of COURSE they must have.I said somewhere else that it is very much like the story of the blind men and the elephant.  Each of us finds ourselves touching the elephant's trunk or leg or flank or tail, and assumes that everyone else MUST be sharing the same experience.Not true.  If we could all learn a little empathy and learn to take people at their word when they are describing their experience as very different from our own, the world could be a much more understanding place to live."	FAVOR
673	gayRights	"So what you are saying is that two men can never love each other in a romantic way? That they can never want to spend the rest of their lives together, through good times and bad, in sickness and in health? Why? What in your 18 years of life allows you to be so certain of this claim? Are all homosexuals who claim to be in love lying? And now you are calling me arrogant? I am not the one stepping on people's liberty? I am not the one who is calling an entire group of humanity Would you marry a man? Then why should a lesbian be forced to marry a man? To claim that you are not denying people rights is as ludacris as the argument segregationists used to keep interracial marriage illegal: ""we're not violating their rights, because no one can marry outside of their gender, not just blacks.""I have a problem with the fact that your only reasons stem from a 2,000 year old book, and not from reason. Should we make shellfish illegal? The bible says we should. How about the part of the Bible that says, when a man sleeps with his daughter they both should be put to death. Allow me to repeat that for you: if a little girl is raped by her dad, she should be killed. By basing your ideas on religion, and not reason, you are essentially creating a theocracy. Are you familiar with the first amendment?Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religionA law based on religious reasons is an establishment of religion by definition. Your definition of family is equally bullshit. If I had a religion that said black people were evil, could I make laws that would discriminate against them? Well your own church thought so up until the 1970s.Until you give me an actual reason as to why gays should not adopt, you are still a fool for denying Americans rights. Your failure to recognize love in more then the narrow forms that your religion defines shows both narrow mindedness and bigotry. I can say this and know that in no way am I being arrogant, because if you were to ask me why I believe any action is either moral or immoral, I could give you reasons, and not mindlessly quote some book. Whether I am right or wrong is certainly debatable, but at least I can back up my beliefs."	FAVOR
674	gayRights	Yea, before long strait kids will get picked on just for being strait. 0:	AGAINST
675	gayRights	"Children should not be subjects of a gay adoption experiment. Ken Connor, president of the Family Research Council - ""children are not guinea pigs and should not be used as pawns in some grand social experiment.	AGAINST
676	gayRights	"""Those who would reject this law find themselves in opposition to the Divine intent for mankind, a reality that every culture from the dawn of civilization has either recognized Ã or failed to acknowledge at its peril.""Oh, that's convenient.  All civilizations have condemned homosexuality.  And those that didn't... well, they died -because- they didn't condemn homosexuality.  The other civilizations fell for other reasons.As for past civilizations who did not condemn homosexuality... I'm currently doing research, and my list looks something like this:Zuni community (late 19th c.)Roman community (4th c.)Egypt (2600 B.C.)Mesopotamian codes (2375 B.C., 2100 B.C., 1750 B. C., 1726 B.C., circa 800 B.C.)Plato and other contemporary philosophers (4th c. B.C.)Classical Greek philosophers (Cicero and Curio, no date)Native Americans (1500s - 1800s at least)Not comprehensive in the least, and clearly not all civilizations condemned homosexuality."	FAVOR
677	gayRights	"Gay/Homosexual Serial Killers and number they killedJeffrey Dahmer 17 1978, 1988-91 Milwaukee Milwaukee and Chicago homosexual cannibal. He was killed by another inmate while in prison. 21 May 1960 28 November 1994Andrew Cunanan 5 1997 San Diego, Calif. Minnesota; Chicago, IL; South Beach, FL killed fashion designer Gianni Versace 31 August 1969 Gilles de Rais 300+ Luis Alfredo Garavito 140+ Colombia Colombia Gay serial killer who murdered over 140 boys in Columbia. Randy Steven Kraft 65 (Michael Swango 35 - 60 1983-97 Ohio, Illinois, New York, South Dakota, Virginia ""Doctor of Death"" -- killed hospital patients Andrei Chikatilo 52 Fritz Haarmann 40John Wayne Gacy 33 until 1978 Chicago Chicago bisexual; 27 of his victims (young boys he seduced) were found buried in crawlspace under his house. Executed in Joliet, IL. Patrick Wayne Kearney 28+ 1968 to 1977 Redondo Beach, Calif. gay cruising areas of Hollywood David D. Hill 28? 1968 to 1977 Redondo Beach, Calif. Hollywood Patrick Kearney's lover; confessed to being co-killer with Kearney, but   police   weren't sure about the extent of his involvement Hans Grans 27+ until 1924 Germany Germany accommplice and love of Haarmann, the ""Butcher Of Hanover"" Wayne Williams 27 1979-81 Atlanta Atlanta Gay serial killer who preyed mostly on young black male hustlers. Dean Corll 27 Elmer Wayne Henley 27 1960s to 1973 Bisexual. Victims were young boys who he kidnapped and tortured. David Owen Brooks 27 Donald Harvey 25 - 40Juan Corona 25 1971 From Mexico; moved to Yuba City, CA in 1950s Yuba City, Calif. Born in Mexico. All of his victims were men that he first raped, and then killed with a machete over the span of six weeks. Presently resides in Corcoran State Prison. Juan Corona's brother is Natividad, the gay, owner of the Guadalajara cafe in Marysville, CA. 1934 ( THIS ONE IS FROM MY NECK OF THE WOODS...NOT A FEW MILES FROM WHERE I WITNESSED THE MURDER OF JOHN DOE...AT LOMO CROSSING BETWEEN YUBA CITY AND LIVE OAK...STORY AT WWW.HOPE7.HIGHPOWERSITES.COM Adolfo de Jesus Constanzo 21Larry Eyler 19 1980s Chicago Illinois and Indiana Huang Yong 17+ 2001-2003 Henan Province, China Henan Province, China Gay. Executed. Murdered boys that he flirted with and picked up at   internet   cafes. Saved their belts as souvenirs. His 18th victim escaped, leading to his arrest. Dennis Nilsen 16 1978-83 U.K.  Marcelo Costa de Andrade 14 William Bonin 12+  Henry Lee Lucas 12+ Ottis Toole 12Vaughn Greenwood 11+ 1974-75 Los Angeles Richard Speck Cayetano Hernandez Eleazor Solis  David Bullock Vernon Butts Paul Bateson Marc Dutroux 6 1995-1996 Belgium Belgium Bisexual. He is unusual among gay serial killers, in that his victims were all girls, who he kidnapped and tortured before killing. One of most notorious serial killers in Belgium's history.Michael Terry Orville Lynn Majors Charles Cohen Arthur Gary Bishop 5 1984 Utah Utah Utah serial killer of young boys. Years before his   murder   spree, in 1978, he had been excommunicated from the LDS Church. Bishop was an active homosexual and was no longer a member of the LDS Church when he became a serial killer. Executed in Utah State Prison. He said of his crimes, ""With great sadness and remorse, I realize that I allowed myself to be misled by Satan. Pornography was not the only negative influence in my life, but its effect on me was devastating. I am a homosexual pedophile convicted of murder, and   pornography   was a determining factor in my downfall."" Michael Lupo 4+ 1986 from Italy London Peter Moore 4 1995 north Wales north Wales Westley Allan Dodd 3+ Washingon Washington, Oregon David P. Brown. Victims were all young boys. Charles Manson 3+ 1968-72 Los Angeles Los Angeles Bisexual. One of nation's most famous serial killers. Murdered actress Sharon Tate, the wife of film director Roman Polanski. Deeply interested in the occult. David Edward Maust 5+ 1981; 2003 Germany; Galveston, TX (1981); Hammond, IL (2003) Gay. Killed teenage boys, usually by stabbing Bruce Davis 2+ 1968-72 Los Angeles Los Angeles Charles Manson accomplice Erik Menendez 2 20 August 1989 Beverly Hills, CA Beverly Hills, CA with his straight brother Lyle, Erik killed his parents (Jose Menendez and Kitty Menendez).Although homosexual murderers of single victims are too numerous to list here, a number of particularly famous ones include: Nathan Leopold and Richard Loeb (the wealthy and academically bright gay Chicago couple who murdered a boy in 1924 just for fun; their story became one of the nation's most famous murder cases, and was the basis for many movies, including Hitchcock's film ""Rope""); Armin Meiwes (the sexually deviant German cannibal known as ""Der Metzgermeister"" - The Master Butcher, who met a victim over the Internet who he ate and killed); John E. du Pont (the gay member of the wealthy du Pont famil who shot Olympic wrestler David Schultz to death);and on and on"	AGAINST
678	gayRights	" Lets not distort Scripture. No where in scripture does it say ""hey everyone its ok to have sex with anyone and anything."" In fact the scriptures say the opposite. They donÃ•t even condone more than one partner. However though it is sin this does not mean anyone should hate over it. Scriptures tell the opposite of this too. Love the sinner, hate the sin. I have friends who were and are gay. Though I donÃ•t condone it, I often just share with them the love of Christ and let the Holy Spirit work in them. Ryan a friend from church uses to be gay. He still struggles sometimes, but now he has the strength of Christ. He also now has a family. He gave a speech once at church. It was beautiful. "	AGAINST
679	gayRights	"----------------------------Leviticus----------------------------Leviticus is commonly misinterpreted to refer to homosexuals with the following 2 verses:Leviticus 18:22: ""You shall not lie with a male as those who lie with a female; it is an abomination."" Leviticus 20:13: ""If a man lies with a male as those who lie with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination and they shall surely be put to death."" These verses have nothing to do with   homosexuality   when you look at the rest of Leviticus and other passages. Both of these verses refer to heterosexuals who participated in fertility rituals in order to guarantee good crops and healthy flocks, not homosexuals, there is absolutely no mention of sexual orientation or homosexuality. Also, the word abomination was used for anything that was considered to be religiously unclean or dealing with any type idol worship.The Hebrew word ""toevah"" was used in Leviticus 18:22 and Leviticus 20:13. ""Toevah"" has been translated in our Bibles as ""abomination"" or ""detestable"". The ""toevah"" was used throughout the Old Testament for activity involving ethnic contamination and   religious   idolatry. ""Toevah"" refers to things that were ritually unclean - like eating pork. It is significant that another Hebrew word, ""zimah,"" also translated ""abomination,"" which means intrinsic evil or evil by its very nature, was not used in Leviticus 18:22, or Leviticus 20:13.Notice that Lev. 18:2 deals with idolatry. In fact many of the prohibitions in the Holiness Code were connected with idolatrous practices, see 19:26-29.--------------------------------Romans--------------------------------This is another passage commonly taken out of context. Romans was not talking about homosexuality, it was referring to idolatrous practices and other sins. Letters from the Apostle Paul Romans 1:26-27If taken out of context, this passage seems to condemn homosexuals. However, when Romans 1:26-27 is considered within the context of Romans 1:16 through Romans 2:16, the Scriptures clearly present a different   teaching  . Paul was writing to the   church   in Rome. The Roman church had become troubled by divisions related to   spiritual   pride. Paul was addressing the Christians in Rome and teaching about the pagans in Rome. After declaring the   power   of Christ's gospel to save all, he pointed out that the religious people of Rome had refused to even acknowledge GOD as one of their many gods. They had turned their backs on the one true living God and worshiped handmade idols. Paul explained that as a result of their idolatry, every part of their lives had become corrupt and vile. Paul then told the Roman Christians that they were not to judge others. To judge others is to condemn yourself (Romans 2:1). Christians are to love others out of their brokenness and into the   healing   wholeness that is found in Jesus Christ. The Greek word Paul used, that has been translated in our Bibles as ""natural/unnatural"", relates to that which is against one's own inherent nature (i.e., heterosexuals engaging in   homosexual   acts). It was also related to Paul's concept of what was culturally acceptable. The same Greek word is used in I Cor. 11:14-15 in reference to correct hair length for men and women and in Gal. 2:15 in reference to Jews and Gentiles who were such by ""nature."" Paul emphasized that IDOLATRY (not homosexuality) was the evil which resulted in temple prostitution, sadomasochism, and lack of regard for others. "	FAVOR
680	gayRights	"""Rational moral truth is based on the observation that people are all basically the same, that they have the same fundamental physical, psychological, and spiritual needs (by ""spiritual"" I do NOT mean, religious or supernatural. I merely mean needs that are not physical).""This understanding of human sameness or shared anthropology is incomplete precisely because you leave out the actual spiritual element of man yet give the illusion that it is included.  The idea that all people are basically the same, i.e.. created equal (again something only guaranteed  by God), is a Biblical idea.  One could suppose that in a modern rationalistic society why would we put so much stock in a principle from a ""dusty old book?""  Perhaps because this dusty old book is right.  You include the physical, biological or bodily part of man (Gk. Soma) and the psychological part (Gk.psyche), but by defining spiritual by something that it is not you actually fail to give an adequate definition which is to state which that thing is.  Equating spiritual needs to ""merely...needs that are not physical"" fails to distinguish between what is actually a spiritual need and what could also be a emotional need or a psychological need which can also not be considered physical in the biological sense.  The implication of this vaguely communicated idea of spiritual need actually leaves out the real essence of spiritual need.  This is necessary to fit the paradigm of ""live and let live"" because such a structure of apparent moral law fails to account for the totality of the human experience not just in the individual human experience but in the communal as well.  It is incapable of doing so because the motive is not the ultimate concern for the common good but an excuse of the individual to unconcern them self with the good of the other.  As the concept ""live and let live"" is shaped by the humanistic framework of individuals operating as laws unto themselves, it fails.  When, as was originally meant in the phrase ""live and let live,"" it is to literally do unto others as you would have them do unto you there is a change for hope.  Here the common good and the good of the neighbor is established.  It is not about how little should be done (tolerate, mind your own business about the life of others) but what should be done (how can I love my neighbor in this circumstance, what does it mean to love my neighbor?).  This is the a central teaching of Jesus Christ and of Christianity.  The modern   evolution   of the idiom however, has scarce remembrances of this original meaning and fails precisely because, again, it does not take into account the breadth of human experience both individually and communally (and is unequipped to address the full experience because its own ethos makes such parts and judgments of others off limits) and has no concern for the common good (because likewise the good cannot be established because the ethos of the modern ""live and let live"" make such judgments impossible).  I should clarify by judgments I don't intend to imply being judgmental  but rather only the ability to judge whether the actions, motives and intentions of the other are morally right or wrong according to the Good.  Compare:""Live and let live, i.e. Do as you would be done by...""-1678, English Proverbs""Live and let live is a pretty good philosophy. If the guy in the next lane isn't buckled up, why not leave him alone?"" (2001, Washington Times)Both quotes acquired from the The Oxford Dictionary of Proverbs.[See also my other post, ""Christ...fully reveals man to himself.""]Secondly, you further beg the question, i.e. provide a circular argument, by stating that live and let live is good because watching people live and let live (without the ability to harm others) is good because you have observed it so.  You then conclude, therefore, that homosexuality is not morally wrong.  This is Non Sequitur; where the logic of your agrument does not follow from the premise to the conclusion offered.  Peace and Happy New Year,Spencer"	AGAINST
681	gayRights	"""It hurts families, the more gay marriage the less families there will be""Well what did you mean by this statement? How does gay marriage being legal mean less families?"	FAVOR
682	gayRights	I don't mind being down voted generally, especially if I'm being an ass, have tons of grammar errors, or if someone is arguing against my points.But a down vote on a post like this with no rebuttal is kind of ridiculous.	FAVOR
683	gayRights	Do you want to see two men or 2 women kissing in public , think like god for a minute?	AGAINST
684	gayRights	He did gives us God's plan for marriage - see Matthew 19. He makes it very clear that marriage -as designed by the Creator and the Sovereign of the Universe - that marriage is a lifelong, monogamous, sexual union between one man and one woman.Jesus said nothing about a lot of things. The absence of specific statements about specific things cannot reasonably be extrpolated to infer He had no opinion, as can be seen by the example just given.	AGAINST
685	gayRights	I'm not a chore, nor was I acting like one. See, you never said why or how I was a chore. That makes for a weak argument.	AGAINST
686	gayRights	Can you prove that it is mythology?	AGAINST
687	gayRights	that Florida has no problem with gay foster parents only with gay   adoption  . It's not about whats good for the child but, like   gay marriage  , being hung-up on a word.	FAVOR
688	gayRights	"I've been reading the opposite side with a lot of interest and just like I expected, people have brought in a whole array of ""issues"" they have about homosexuality.First I read about how the motives of the gay person are selfishMy response: WHO CARES? I see an old lady crossing the street. I help her cross over. Did I do it because I truly cared for her or did I do cause I wanted to feel good about myself? Does it matter? As long as I didn't help her because I wanted to steal her purse in the process then where is the harm???? So what if gays want to satisfy their parental instincts by caring for a child? How does that undermine the care and the love? Don't straight couples do the same? How many times have I heard straight couples saying that they will have children because that ""completes the family"", that they can't wait to be great mums or great dads. That's selfish too isn't it? But is it wrong? Hell no! I would be worried of someone didn't have that streak of selfishness in them. In my opinion, the people that make the best parents are the ones that wanted to be parents in the first place. Not just procreate, but BE PARENTS afterward. Here we have people that are begging to be parents and we're telling them ""you can't! we'd rather leave the kids in the orphanage than give them to you!""Then it's about how it is unnatural for them to become parents because by definition they would be required to do something that is unnatural for them Right, so, should we exclude all infertile individuals from the right to adopt?Because the above argument basically implies that inability to conceive/procreate equals inability to perform as a parent, because nature didn't want you to become one in the first place. Isn't that ridiculous? The fact that we have children in foster care proves that the ability to conceive/procreate does not equal the ability to become a parent. So the two are clearly not cross linked.Then it's about how it is no one's right to adopt because the only person that has authority over a child is the biological parent - only they can ""appoint"" someone to look after their childSomeone actually used the word ""property"", the child is the property of the biological parents and no institution should ever have the right bypass them and give the child to someone else. Since when are human beings ""property""?As a parent, all you have, is the responsibility to raise the child and provide for it. That's all you have. You don't posses a child. No one has possession of another human being, however young. Now, I know for a fact that adoption agencies always look for people in the immediate or larger family that would foster the child. It's only when they have exhausted all those possibilities that the child is put up for adoption. In other words, no one in the family has offered to take over the responsibility! So it is then in the hands of the agency to find suitable parents from the general public. Let's be realistic, the family has absolved itself, or is not existent, or is mentally incapable. Now, I'm not saying everybody else then has the right to be their parent. But I think they do have the right to at least apply for the role, whether gay or straight. But the child is going to be bullied!Well, is that really an argument? If the kid is going to be bullied that's because the parents of the other children are bigoted and they have instilled that bigotry on their bully-kid. Kids are bullied everyday for being black, Muslim, Asian, tall, short, ginger etc etc. Does that mean we should take them away from their black, Muslim or ginger parents? The reality is, these kids are spending their life in an orphanage. I find it funny how people who are otherwise unwilling to adopt them, think that they have the right to obstruct others who do. And they justify it with an array of bigoted crap. And all this time, those kids remain in the orphanage, when they could be in the hands of very loving, very caring, very responsible people who could give them a much better life, a much better education and much more to experience."	FAVOR
689	gayRights	There is only one thing I think should be considered here: equality.And the Civil Rights Act, which I'm pretty sure demanded respect for people, no matter what sexuality.	FAVOR
690	gayRights	" Civil marriages don not interfere with a Church's freedom to deny its own marriage services to gays"	FAVOR
691	gayRights	Did you ever try to find out why your   mother   is an alcoholic? Did you ever consider the ammount of love she has in her heart for you and that she knows shes a failure....WHAT HAPPENED TO THE LOVE that the homosexual community profess to have. Love your Mom and honor her no matter what kind of a mother she is and you will receive a blessing. No ones mother was ever perfect and you are fooling no one with the Im better without her and   college   is making me so happy. BS. You are hurting because you didnt get the love you needed in life and that was unfair to you. You want your mother to be what you need her to be and your child inside is crying to have her hold you and tell you that she loves you and you want to be able to trust and believe that you can rely on her and not be disappointed by her. Believe me she wants that too. If I was you Id grow and take your life into your own hands and make up with her even if you know she will never be reliable as a mother because someday she wont be there and you will regret not having had the nerve to walk up to her and say I FORGIVE YOU MOM...and until then dont blame the world for your chips and insecurities...YOU CHOOSE THE LIFE YOU WANT TO CHOOSE just be adult enough to own it. Gd bless you. Find a   church  . Quit drowning your sorrows in   alcohol   and partying, they wont go away that way and youll only compound your pain and suffering. Thats my motherly   advice   to you.	AGAINST
692	gayRights	" With a very high number 43% of all nationalities, countries, etc have this in common: HOMOSEXUALITY.    So even more alarming when you consider that if you took the TOP TEN serial rapist/murderers you would find that 8 out of the 10 are homosexuals.Quote:Dr. Brian Clowes cited some alarming statistics showing that eight of the top ten serial killers in the United States were homosexuals and that homosexuals were responsible for 68 percent of all mass murders (Clowes:97). The following is a list of nine leading homosexual serial killers, eight of which were among the top ten most prolific killers as of 1992. ClowesÃ• sources are listed in the text and are reprinted from Debating the Ã’Gay RightsÃ“ Issue: Donald Garvey: 37 Murders...[a] nurseÃ•s aide [who] was convicted of 37 murders in Kentucky and Ohio. Psychologists testified that Ã’Harvey said he was a homosexual.Ã“ The New York Times, August 20, and August 17th, 1991. John Wayne Gacy: 33 Murders...[a] professed homosexual ...who killed 33 young men and boys and buried them in his basement. The New York Times, February 22, 1980.Patrick Wayne Kearney: 32 Murders...The New York Times described him as Ã’an acknowledged homosexualÃ“ and Ã’...perpetrator of the Ã”homosexual trash bag murders.Ã•Ã“ The New York Times, July 27, 1977.Bruce Davis: 28 murders...killed 28 young men and boys after having sex with them. The New York Times, January 21, 1984. Corll, Henley and Brooks: 32 Murders. Dean Corll, Elmer Wayne Henley, and David Owen Brooks were the members of a Texas homosexual   torture  /  murder   ring that captured and mutilated 27 young men. The New York Times, July 27, 1974.Juan Corona: 25 Murders...an admitted homosexual, killed 25 male migrant workers. The New York Times, October 4, 1972.Jeffrey Dahmer: 17 Murders...a convicted child molester and practicing and admitted homosexual, lured 17 young men and boys to his apartment, had sex with them, then killed them and dismembered them. He ate parts of his victims bodies...Dahmer was active in Ã’  gay rights  Ã“ organizations and had participated in Ã’  gay pride  Ã“ parades. Michael C. Buelow.Ã’Police Believe Suspect Killed 17.Ã“ The Oregonian, July 26, 1991, pages A1 and A24. Also:Ã’Relative in Dahmer Case Sues.Ã“ USA Today, August 6, 1991, page 3A. Also October 1991 Focus on the Family Letter.Stephen Kraft: 16 Murders...killed at least 16 young men after drugging, sodomizing and torturing them. Robert L. Mauro.Ã’The NationÃ•s Leading Serial Killers.Ã“ The Wanderer, October 31, 1991.William Bonin: 14 Murders...tortured and killed 14 young men...had sex with his victims before and after they died. Robert L. Mauro.Ã’The NationÃ•s Leading Serial Killers.Ã“ The Wanderer, October 31, 1991.(Clowes:96) ""No matter what you read when linking to the above site, it's all very disturbing. Steven Spielberg, GLAAD, NAMBLA, and the ACLU need to explain why they are insistent at being at the heart of pushing NAMBLA homosexuals onto the Boy Scouts. This is not about diversity. This is not about politically correctness. End quote Found at   www.topix.com   under pink swastika gay serial killers"	AGAINST
693	gayRights	"Pineapple let's give him the benefit of the doubt that he can't click links and I will tell him what the site says okay?Here were some of the lies spread by the Proponents of Prop 8:Prop 8 doesn't discriminate against homosexuals. Prop 8 took away a right that gays already had. They were able to get married, and the passage of prop 8 took away that right. Regardless of whether not you agree with prop 8, it took away a right they already had and therefore is discrimination.Children will be taught that same-sex marriage is ok I'll give you the benefit of the doubt that you do not live in California. I cannot tell you how many ads I saw talking about how children would learn that homosexuality is alright. Regardless of how intolerant that is, it is a lie. Prop 8 mentioned nothing about education, and the California Superintendent of Schools Jack O'Connell assured everyone that Prop 8 did not even mention education and under California law, parents can remove their children from any health or family instruction they disagree with. There is no reason for them to be mentioning kids.Oh by the way in watching that clip I found a lie. Well more of a half-truth. ""Both presidential candidates support traditional marriage."" What they don't say is that Obama opposed prop 8 and any ban on same-sex marriage. He took a lame wishy-washy stance, but he still opposed prop 8 and the video implied that he did not. A little under a minute and a half in: ""The rights of children are at risk. Children have the right to be raised by a mother and father."" This has nothing do with kids. Nothing in proposition 8 affected education or adoption. It was all lies and propaganda.Another gem in that video. ""We need to protect religious freedoms."" So how does forcing everyone else to abide by your religion protect religious freedom? That seems a bit bassackwards to me.Your religion was the main source of funds behind this campaign and all of these advertisements. Please I beg you, try to really think critically about all of this."	FAVOR
694	gayRights	Agreed. They will all be hunted down and slaughtered. Those things don't have long to live.	AGAINST
695	gayRights	"""I can't prove to you that my religion is true, but I can tell you that I know that it is.""No, you don't ""know"" that Christianity is right, you have faith in Christianity.Knowledge has a rational foundation.Faith is unfounded and irrational.The problem with faith is that when people of two different faiths conflict, how do we decide which one is right? If you have faith in Christianity and another person has faith in Islam, how do we decide who is right? We can't, because neither belief has a rational foundation."	FAVOR
696	gayRights	People who are gluttons are not necessarily fat (e.g., bulimia) and people who are fat are not necessarily gluttons (e.g., transplant recipients, people who don't exercise, etc.)  	AGAINST
697	gayRights	generally, the kids that are going to mock them are going to find something to mock them about no matter who their parents are, and the people that accept them are going to accept them no matter who their parents are	FAVOR
698	gayRights	"I do believe that gays should adopt children. In my life I've seen children and teens be much better adjusted because they've had to go through not only the normal chaos of childhood with other children calling names and being mean but they've also had to go through what I might call an orientation that very few kids have...and that is that prejudice, hatred and a lack of understanding for the human condition so thoroughly exists in this world. I've seen them build both strength and character through their upbringing.I tell you what I've experienced personally and do not resort to the ""fact"" sheets. The facts are not in yet to any great degree in either direction. In 5-10 years we will have a greater amount of statistics to go by."	FAVOR
699	gayRights	the morality taught in the Bible.  Simple.  The versus are clear and non-contradicting.  Pick and choose?  Cafeteria huh?  Please explain.God bless	AGAINST
700	gayRights	So do you think brothers and sisters should be able to be married?	AGAINST
701	gayRights	No, there's no age limit on this site, nor did I say so. I asked how old you are! This site gets more and more unfortunate with people like you and your brother on it. I'm not a laddie child. OMG...it doesn't even know what a blanket statement is. Poor little mite.	FAVOR
702	gayRights	I have used this particular Bible verse in about 4 debates already. Levicticus 18:22Thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind; it is abomination.	AGAINST
703	gayRights	"Aegiltheugly,I believe that all they want is equal rights under the law.  We've seen how ""separate but equal"" worked in the segregated south.  It didn't work.  ""Separate"" can never be ""equal"".I firmly believe that the word marriage can be replaced by union, civil union, or household in legal documents and law.  In fact, that's what we should do.  Then, if you are registered in that status, you have all the financial obligations and rights that only married couples can share in now.  And that includes divorce.Then we could let the churches marry people under their beliefs and procedures. That way, the sacred covenant of marriage would be protected in your church.Would that not satisfy everyone?Michelle"	FAVOR
704	gayRights	If those reasons arent good enough for you I cant help that they are good enough for me. I also find these reasons to suit me as well:    In 15 reasons why   homosexuality   is wrong I agree with these the most:1. Homosexuality injures the fabric of society, especially   children  . 3. Homosexuality does not offer the stability of a traditional family.6. Homosexuals have a much higher incidence of domestic violence.7. Homosexuals have a much higher rate of molestation than Heterosexuals8. Homosexuality is not condoned in the Bible.9. Homosexuals want to redefine   marriage  , changing the uniqueness of heterosexual marriage.10. Homosexual marriages will lead to other Ã’unnaturalÃ“   unions  11. Homosexual marriage is not a Ã’rightÃ“.13. God did not intend for same sex relationships to exist.14. Homosexuality is not genetic.While number 15 says that homosexuals should not be allowed to marry I have no problems with civil unions nor domestic parnerships however I draw the line at adoptions and Holy Matrimony. Need more reasons I feel homosexuality is shameful and unnatural?	AGAINST
705	gayRights	"If you check the laws, domestic partnerships do NOT offer the same protections as civil marriage.  Domestic partners are not allowed the same health coverage by Blue Cross, Blue Shield, Part D coverage policies for disabled and retired people or under the taxation laws of the United States or most states that have such laws.  The Supreme Court Decision stating that ""Separate but Equal"" is invalid in cases dealing with ethnicity (race, for those who believe there is more than one human race) needs to be expanded to cover all segments of society."	FAVOR
706	gayRights	I don't believe the Bible was created or related to the exesentence of GOD. If god thinks Homosexuality a sin, Then why would he make Homosexual's? Not to be ridduculed! It's purposturous to assume that Cause it's in the bible that it's real! There are many things in the bible that don't make sence, this being one of them. I think the bible might be a Fictionary tale. It is not a sin! Cause if it was then he would make people born with knives in there hands and a motive to kill! Then if being gay is such a sin, then what are the people that critisize people for who they are? Not sinning? Judgeing people,Not sinning? People shouldn't judge people like that. Is it a sin?Not anymore than judgeing someone who is.If it's a sin that their gay, then it's a sin that your straight.	FAVOR
707	gayRights	Brilliant clip.I did not know that relatives of homosexuals tend to have more kids (the male ones at least.)But is that based on observation only?I'm confused why that would be true. Did you find anything that offered a genetic or social reason?It's seems the number of kids one has would have more to do with how many times they have sex without a condom, more than anything.What about having a gay relative would make one more likely to participate in unprotected sex more often? If it's a simple fertility issue... again I'm flabergasted. That would suggest that the ability of one to have kids is reversely proportional to their genetic propensity to only have gay sex...I just had a thought.Following that the relatives of gays have more kids,it would stand to reason that that is the reason why, while gays themselves tend not to pass on their genes, the percent of gays stays static.So then, things like viagra, and fertility clinics would essentially lower the percentage of people who are gay.This assuming1. relatives of gays have historically and presently been less likely to need outside help reproducing.2. those who historically had more trouble having kids did not have any gay relatives, thus perhaps slightly less likely to have gay children, and now are able to have more kids, where in the past they could not.Not sure what my point is, but it interests me for some reason. I wonder if in 10 years we'll see a decline in the percentage of gay people, and we'll stand around scratching our heads why, while the religious take it as proof of god's disaproval.	FAVOR
708	gayRights	"But that doesn't necessarily make the motives of those involved selfish.As I said, I'm motivated by my love for God.  I love Him because of who He is... that He is a loving Creator that cares about His creation and WAS willing to sacrifice for us (along with many other things about Him too numerous to detail here).  If he were just a careless deity that made people then left them with no clue as to who he was, and didn't care what they did, and wasn't interested in helping them, he would NOT be the God I love. Loving Him naturally causes me to take stock of what I do.  It's no different with any close relationship.  For instance... my husband could tell me that he loves me and will love me no matter what I do or don't do. Let's say upon hearing this I take his unconditional love and flaunt it by bringing home a different man every night to sleep in our bed, or I beat our   children  , or any other offensive act.  Barring I stop doing these things and ask for forgiveness, the relationship would be lost.  He could still love me, but I just proved that I didn't love him.  This is true with God, too.  He won't force us to be in a relationship with Him if we don't want to.  I can't convince you that I'm being truthful (but I am).  That's where faith would have to come into play.  You can choose to stay cynical, or you can trust a person who you don't know.  I understand if you choose the former.  But I do hope you meet others like me ...or maybe you already have and haven't trusted their words either?  It's your choice.  From my experience, I sincerely hope you choose to trust God - not for any special ""reward"" He'll give you, but because of His grace and love for you.  I don't expect any particular reward or lack of reward either way.  If I have a reward, it's now, and will be after death, simply to be with the One who is the definition of love.  Nothing you or anyone else does or doesn't do will   change   that."	FAVOR
709	gayRights	Before Loving v. Virginia, marriage was the union between a man and a woman OF THE SAME RACE.Now, don't make the mistake of thinking that I'm equating   same-sex marriage   to interracial marriage. I'm just saying that the definition of marriage can and has evolved in the past.	FAVOR
710	gayRights	"This is absurd. Do you realize how easy it would be to counter these by posting criminal or unusual acts of heterosexuals? Posting links to articles about homosexual rapists is as easy as finding articles about heterosexual rapists. Or posting links about controversial activisists who are heterosexual-based crowds is quite easy. The point is:  you posting various links proves absolutely nothing in regards to how ""shameful""   homosexuality   it. There are countless atrocities that could be cited which were performed by heterosexuals."	FAVOR
711	gayRights	"Ok, let me try publicly stating my opinion using the ""N-word"" and see where that gets me!  Oh, but wait, we already have plenty of examples of lives that were destroyed and jobs lossed for doing MUCH LESS than that, huh?  So again then... is it not that we are only in suport of the ""right to opinion"" only under certain terms as it does not violate certain offenses or opposing views; and likewise we only support the ""rights and freedoms"" and protection from discrimination to things which we ourselves accept or believe in? -Hmmmm... So then what exactly is ""free to have your opinion?""  And what exactly are ""rights and freedoms"" that are deserved or supported? -According to who??  I am sure EVERY person or group that does not feel civil or legal freedon to do as they prefer, is waiting in the wings of such the answer. -Pandora's box, people!! Try to burn a brain cell not be so short-sighted abd narrow minded, and look farther down the road, which we have proven as human's we suck at!"	AGAINST
712	gayRights	I believe that their's nothing wrong with loving another person, even if it's with the same sex. and for those of you who think otherwise... shame on you!	FAVOR
713	gayRights	"If we were to follow your viewpoints on the world, racial minorities would still not be afforded the civil rights that they have today (because the Constitution, as ruled in Dred Scott v. Sandford, was written for ""white people"" as opposed to all people).Changing a definition in order to insure protection of civil rights is more just than holding onto a definition that wrongfully denies civil rights."	FAVOR
714	gayRights	Most children look up to their parents, but that's because the parents are taller ;)Also, I find it hard to believe that someone would chose to be gay. I mean, that's a hard life to live.	AGAINST
715	gayRights	" Heterosexual couples often ""recklessly procreate""; gay adoption is deliberate This means that homosexuals are less likely to become accidental parents, who are much more likely to become neglectful parents."	FAVOR
716	gayRights	Why would it? If you dont like it, then guess what? You have nothing to do about it! Gay people exist! They are part of our world! The shouldnt be humiliated and, why on earth, would they be?They have a right just like everyone else, they are not aliens!!	FAVOR
717	gayRights	"First off, let me say thank you for your thoughtful comments.  I can see that you have really looked into this issue.  I have read the article on Romans and Shine Prostitution and found it to be well-argued.  Although, I am a little bothered by the use of the term anti-gay.  I have read portions of Gagnon's book and he, like yourself, struggled with this issue.  Early on in the book, he writes about his heartfelt struggle.  When someone argues that homosexual practice is a sin, this does not make them anti-homosexual, or anti-anything.  I have desperately struggled with this issue personally and for the sake of others.  I would never characterize myself as anti-gay.  As I grow closer to Jesus, I feel more and more his love for all people well up inside of me.  I wish the church as a whole weren't homophobic.  I wish I didn't have to hear people around me, most of whom are Christians, use ""gay"" and other words I won't mention, as derogatory comments.  (When I am feeling bold, I gently correct them.)  Sometimes I don't want to call myself a Christian because this associates me with some of the people who have incited hate-mongering against homosexuals.  My heart aches over this struggle because I have personally been affected by it and I have met many others who have felt these affects as well.In the sending of his only son, Jesus Christ, God offered all people a saving relationship with himself.  This is the fulfillment of the Abrahamic covenant:  ""I will bless you and make you a great nation and through you all people will be blessed"".  In this fulfillment, the people of God became all those who accepted, believed in, and followed the one whom God sent, Jesus Christ.  In the Mosaic or Sinai covenant, Israel was required to obey the Mosaic law in order to receive salvation.  But in Christ, the people of God, all people, Jew and Gentile, were freed from the law and now received salvation through the grace of Jesus Christ by faith.  So, to put it briefly, in Christ, God has removed the contractual obligation of the law and has offered a relationship.  This never ceases to amaze me!!  He wants to be in relationship with me!!  "	AGAINST
718	gayRights	"Marriage is indeed considered a Fundamental Right under the Constitution of the U.S.  Please do your research on this.  It seems that the Yes side is very, very lazy.  Lookup Loving v. Virginia.  It wasn't very long ago that mixed-race marriage was illegal.  This is what a judge in Virginia had to say about mixed-race marriage just 50 years ago... ""Almighty God created the races white, black, yellow, Malay and red, and He placed them on separate continents. And but for the interference with His arrangement there would be no cause for such marriages. The fact that He separated the races shows that He did not intend for the races to mix.""    This sounds so much like the Yes on 8 agrument.  It should make you all sick to your stomach."	FAVOR
719	gayRights	No statement contained within any of my arguments asserts that homosexuals are biologically incapable of sexual reproduction; the terms of my arguments were carefully chosen so as to not exclude the ability of homosexuals to sexually reproduce. Yet, in order for them to sexually reproduce and propagate their genetics through a progeny they must act contrary to their nature and have unprotected sex with the opposite gender, and probably more than once.  Now, since they actually are biologically capable of becoming progenitors we must therefore conclude they are not willing to do what is necessary to become parents. They choose to do that which will never produce offspring and are suffering the consequences of their choices; moreover, if they donÃ•t like the consequences of their choices they ought to change their minds. Conclusion: Individuals of the homosexual orientation can become progenitors. Yet, they choose to not do what must be done in order to become progenitors.  And finally, no man or woman has the right to become a parent. Parenthood is not a right; parenthood is a consequence of sexual reproduction. And no man or woman can justly claim authority over the progeny of another progenitor without the progenitorÃ•s conference of authority over its progeny.	AGAINST
720	gayRights	Wait, what is this about women and marriage domesticating men?Sexism at it's finest, ladies and gentlemen. Sorry, ladies, gentlemen, and wild, crazy, chaotic men who have not yet found a woman to tame them.	FAVOR
721	gayRights	Wow, you're really grasping at straws here aren't you? Because women are mistreated and female infants are killed in India, we should ban gay marriage? Is this what you're saying? Because, if it is, you're fucking stupid.The issue in India has to do with gender inequality. Gay marriage would actually help the situation for two reasons:1) More homosexual couples would mean more children would be adopted. This means that less female infants would be killed and could but instead could be put up for adoption.2) It would make genders more equal. If a woman can marry a woman and start a family without a man then this empowers women. It means that they don't need men. Honestly I'm pretty sure that I'm not understanding you. Is this a joke? Because I can think of no other reason why you would bring up a completely irrelevant article and say homosexual marriage would exacerbate the problem. Hell, this didn't even happen in America! That doesn't make it any less of an atrocity, but it does make your entire argument irrelevant.	FAVOR
722	gayRights	"""Do you think making gay marriage illegal means there will be less homosexuals?""No, thanks for asking, don't know where you got that idea."	AGAINST
723	gayRights	"""To tell the truth approx. 40% of   children   raised in same-sex families grow up to practice   homosexuality   . That comes from a conference in Rome several years ago where many psychologists spoke on this subject and infact this was a proven fact mentioned at this conference. Making   adoption   the number one recruitment tool for homosexual activists.""-Hope7[Citation needed]?  One conference does not make a consensus, but I would like to see their methodology and their sample size.""To tell the truth the above statement regarding how brutal most homosexal activists are is more indicative of the whole population than you have implied. One would only have to recall the protests after Prop. 8 passed in Calif. to get a real picture of how brutal this organization really is at the core.To say anything otherwise is paint a false picture of this community.""-Hope7I do recall, and those protests were quite similar to other protests over the years... during the civil rights movement and such.  Most protests are passionate, that's true, but not overly disruptive.  Also, I'd again point out that there are some very violent anti-homosexual groups out there... so saying ""they've got brutal groups"" does not seem like much of an argument to me.""To tell the truth to place children into homosexual families is to put them at significant risk for abuse. Quote: Pedophiles are invariably males: Almost all sex crimes againstchildren are committed by men.""-Hope7Ok.... but then isn't that just an argument to prevent homosexual men from marring / adopting?  A lesbian couple seems like the safest   environment   for a child to grow up in, following from that logic.""Significant numbers of victims are males: Up to one-third of all sexcrimes against children are committed against boys (as opposed togirls)""-Hope7Interesting.... And the rise in CO2 levels in the atmosphere has increased the acidification of the oceans, making it harder for shellfish to grow their shells.  But neither of those statements is remotely relevant to the argument at hand.""Rest of article can be read here:      ""A good number of the sources you cite there are anecdotal in nature... the only one of real interest is the Danish study you show.  Which indicates that the number of open homosexuals increases in places where same sex marriage is permitted.  Which I would agree with, because in those situations people who are gay would be much more comfortable coming out and seeking partners.  You seem to feel that this is a bad thing... but have so far failed to demonstrate why that is."	FAVOR
724	gayRights	"Scientific Data regarding human sexuality: Birth order studies:     /        Pheremone studies:        Brain Structure Studies:    There are just a bunch of differences on a biological level that could not be attributed to   environment  .Homosexuality in the wild:    ,2933,356639,00.htmlBig list of them:     Homosexuality throughout history:As a norm in Africa: Murray, Stephen (ed.); Roscoe, Will (ed.) (1998). Boy Wives and Female Husbands: Studies of African Homo-sexualities. New York: St. Martin's Press. ISBN 0312238290.Good article discussing it as a norm in indigenous American cultures:     In China: MAN, was it common.      from the Han dynasty onwards up to the end of the Qing dynasty in 1900, there was a LOT of discussion about it, art representing it, etc. There were several emperors who took male lovers, wore the opposite genders clothes...it was a common thing.Japan: Like Sparta, it was most heavily found in the   military  . It was called the way of ""Shudo"", or youth. But it also showed up quite a bit--In monasteries, especially, where heterosexual acts were forbidden or simply impossible. Male   prostitution   was incredibly common throughout Japan's history. All of these things were written about by Jesuits--If they're something that Priests are being shown, they have to be somewhat normal.Europe: From Greece till the 18th century,   homosexuality   was an incredibly common occurence. Greece I feel like I don't even need to discuss. Every emperor of Rome with the exception of Claudius took a male lover at some point. This kept up until Theodosius, in 390, made it illegal to play the receptive part, and Justinian, in 558, did the same with the active part. So, for the majority of the Roman empire, homosexuality was accepted and common. In fact, for a lot of the Greek and Roman histories, same-sex love was the epitome of what we would term as romantic or meaningful love. Heterosexual love was what you did for   children  . The poets, from Plato and Aristotle to Sappho, spoke at length about that idea. And it makes sense. Familiarity breeds affection, and these were incredibly gender-segregated societies. Women were consigned to the home--Although this meant they really ran a farm rather than dusted--while men were either at war for a decade and a half, or in town doing the   politics   of the day.Throughout the renaissance, it was once again quite common with such public figures as Da Vinci, Michelangelo, and several more artists openly taking male lovers. It wasn't simply the art community. King James I was discussed at the time as being homosexual in a sort of joking context. Anything questions?"	FAVOR
725	gayRights	Having said all of that, I know exactly how you feel because I too want something that I'm not entitled to and the courts keep on deying me.So my arguments to you are like therapy to me because if I can create a well thought out argument against gay marriage, then I can use a similar argument to justify the court's decision to myself and this in turn eases the pain and resentment and anger that is within me.So don't think too harshly of me. We're all in this together. We all have issues. ;)	AGAINST
726	gayRights	"""Homosexuality is not natural""This is the most preposterous item I've heard in years. Are you ignorant to what is natural and not?!Acceptance vs taboo If you know anything about animal and human sexuality you would properly acknowledge that homosexuality has been around since the existence of sexuality. Animals display it on a daily routine. Alexander the Great, one of the most powerful men in ancient history, had many homosexual tendencies. (even on a more intense level of pedophilia) As an evolving society, homosexuality was bound to get to the point it has today. Let me also add that if you knew anything about the adoption procedure and the psychological harm that those who go through adoption have to deal with, it would pale to comparison to the teasing they would go through in their schooling.My point is that on items of sexuality it is not all monkey see monkey do. I have so many points and so little time. I'm very happy to see the down votes. (means I'm getting to you people!)As for your opinion, I'm not here to change it. I'm just here to point out all the fallacies in your argument."	FAVOR
727	gayRights	"Alex, you are completely bypassing the fact that children have been raised by same-gender couples for far longer than there have been adoption policies to place adoptive children with such couples.  Thousands and thousands of children have been raised by couples who brought up children from a previous marriage or relationship by a member of the couple, or by couples who intentionally got pregnant as a couple, or who brought up the unwanted child of a friend or family member without benefit of being able to adopt him or her, just as ""declared guardians"" of the child by permission of the biological parent.There have been formal studies in place on gay-parented families since the 70's, and further data is available on people raised by same-gender parents since long before that time (I know a few of these people, myself, none of whom happen to be gay, by the way).  They are happily married to people of the opposite gender, and raising children of their own, who are normal and well-adjusted as far as I can tell (some are teenagers, so ""normal"" and ""well-adjusted"" are relative terms! :) But really, they are good kids by any measure).So, while I'm happy to hear that you don't oppose same-gender couples adopting children, it's odd that you feel the need to come here and add fuel to the fire against gay couples raising children without being aware of the body of evidence which consistently supports the fact that children raised by same-gender parents ARE equally healthy and well-adjusted as compared with children of opposite-gender parents."	FAVOR
728	gayRights	"I was raised by straight parents, does that mean I havn't had an opportunity to be taught anything about prejudice, acceptance, or being different!? oh and about ""How many times do I have to tell you"" im not sure that i have used that more than maybe once or twice but I am not fond of having to tell people the same things over and over again."	AGAINST
729	gayRights	You ask is being gay a sin.One sin is not as bad as another sin and we all have sinned.You without sin cast the frist stone.JESUS LOVES US ALL. HE DIED FOR YOU.COME TO JESUS today.COME	AGAINST
730	gayRights	What defines a parent? The person who gave an egg and the person who gave the sperm? I have cousins who are adopted and are perfectly normal and healthy, I have those friends I spoke of before who just adopted less than a month ago. These people are all parents regardless of the fact that they did not give birth to these children! This would be no different if 2 gays adapted. I think that being a parent is more about loving and supporting a child than just knocking some woman up! There are thousands of men out there who get a woman pregnant but have nothing to do with the child's life. The way you are defining being a parent this man would be a father... yet has not doing a damn thing other than ejaculate!	FAVOR
731	gayRights	quiet4no1-Have you taken the time to read the rest of this discussion? Your last post reads like you have no idea of the preceding discussion.Most of the material I previously cited can be found on this page, with the many Links provided there.      Suffice it to say that in previous posts, I have more than adequately covered each of the scriptures you quoted.For you too quote them again, as if they can only be negative statements about committed, faithful, non-cultic same sex partnerships is less than thoughtful.None of the verses you cited even mention homosexuality in Hebrew and Greek. You are reading your twenty first century notions into texts that are 2000 - 3400 years old.In some English versions, (I Corinthians 6:9 for example), translators have inserted a false translation, using the word, homosexual, when that word was never in the original.      I encourage you to do additional prayerful study.Your brother in Christ,Rick Brentlinger      	FAVOR
732	gayRights	"Gays in the military is inevitable; lift ban sooner than later. Barry M. Goldwater. ""Ban on Gays is Senseless Attempt to Stall the Inevitable"" - ""The country and the military know that eventually the ban will be lifted. The only remaining questions are how much muck we will all be dragged through, and how many brave Americans like Tom Paniccia and Margarethe Cammermeyer will have their lives and careers destroyed in a senseless attempt to stall the inevitable.""	FAVOR
733	gayRights	"Same sex marriage does not ""yield a contradiction"" (whatever that means). You just flip the gender of one of the participants. It's still marriage."	FAVOR
734	gayRights	Since when is government 'approval' (for lack of a better word, perhaps, regarding being tax-exempt) an acceptable litmus test for the legitimacy of a church?Put another way, Jesus wasn't exactly the Romans' favorite person...	FAVOR
735	gayRights	"Psychosocial Adjustment, School Outcomes, and Romantic Relationships of Adolescents With Same-Sex Parents. Jennifer L. Wainright, Stephen T. Russell, and Charlotte J. Patterson. Child Development, 2004, Volume 75, Number 6, Pages 1886-1898.That's my first source.  In it, the three find that ""The results of the present study, which is the first based on a large national sample of adolescents living with same-sex couples, revealed that on nearly all of a large array of variables related to school and personal adjustment, adolescents with same-sex parents did not differ significantly from a matched group of adolescents living with opposite-sex parents.  Regardless of family type, adolescents were more likely to show favorable adjustment when they perceived more caring from adults and when parents described close relationships with them.  Thus, as has been reported in studies of children with lesbian mothers (e.g., Chan et al., 1998), it was the qualities of adolescent-parent relationships rather than the structural features of families (e.g., same vs. opposite-sex parents) that were significantly associated with adolescent adjustment (Golombok, 1999; Patterson, 2000).""Have some other sources:Patterson, C.J. (2000). Family relationships of lesbians and gay men. Journal of Marriage and the Family, 62, 1052 Ã 1069.Huggins (1989). A comparative study of self-esteem of adolescent children of divorced lesbian mothers and divorced heterosexual mothers. In F.W. Bozett (Ed.), Homosexuality and the family (pp. 123-35). New York: Harrington Park Press.O'Connor, A. (1993). Voices from the heart: The developmental impact of a mother's lesbianism on her adolescent children. Smith College Studies in Social Work, 63, 281-299.Gershon, Tschann, and Jemerin (1999). Stigmatization, self-esteem, and coping among the adolescent children of lesbian mothers. Journal of Adolescent Health, 24, 437-445.Golombok et. al.: Children in lesbian and single-parent households: Psychosocial and psychiatric appraisal. Journal of Child Psychology and Psychiatry, 24, 551-572.And I found these all spending ten minutes on my university's website.  Don't tell me you don't have access to this kind of material."	FAVOR
736	gayRights	I like your explanation of marriage.  I believe you are right. It is so sad that people exchange the truth for a lie.   People who believe in gay marriage set a trap for themselves.  All who believe in Christ have nothing to loose.	AGAINST
737	gayRights	"wow, repubgal, that sounded almost human ;)I think that you hit the nail right on the head when you said homosexuality doesn't affect you personally. If more religious people took this approach then we would live in a world that had a lot less hate. I think Mark Twain put it best:So much blood has been shed by the Church because of an omission from the Gospel: ""Ye shall be indifferent as to what your neighbor's religion is."" Not merely tolerant of it, but indifferent to it. Divinity is claimed for many religions; but no religion is great enough or divine enough to add that new law to its code.- Mark Twain, a Biography"	FAVOR
738	gayRights	If your username is a reference to Isaac Asimov, I'll have you know you are exactly the kind of person he disliked. A) Well shopping at walmart may be inherently sinful according to someones religion. What is your point?B) It is mostly spread through unprotected sex. Just because more heterosexual couples use protection to avoid pregnancy and therefore have a lower incidence rate of aids, does not mean it is a gay disease. Gay or straight sex is not the issue, it is whether or not you use condoms. And speaking of your beloved bible, although you may not be Catholic, the pope's recent statement that condoms do not work and make the aids epidemic worse is going to directly cause the deaths of thousands of people.	FAVOR
739	gayRights	"Let me state here and now why I even bother posting any of this.I couldn't care one rat's ass about what any Baptist or Evangelical thinks about anything. I wouldn't darken the door to your home or your church for all of Bill Gates' money. It is my view that the least likely place on Earth I will ever find a person of God is in those two places. End of discussion. The hate and abuse those two camps spew forth is enough to turn my stomach, let alone the hypocrisy and love of power and money their leaders clearly exhibit.I don't care if I ever change your view of anything. Who cares? Stew in your own hatred for all I care. History is against you. We will have our freedom, our rights, and the respect we deserve as gay people. There is no force on earth that will stop that. The younger a person is, the less hate there is. This is a battle you have already lost.What I care passionately about is getting out the word to other lgbt people that there is nothing to fear from the hate mongers that dare call themselves followers of Christ. They are not. They have no more the word of God on their lips than the local village idiot. What I want to say to my lgbt family is simply this: if you would like a church life, if you would like to express your spirituality, there ARE churches out there that love you, embrace you, and desperately want you to be a part of the faith, as you, not one change needed from you.Our hearts and minds are open, and we want you to know that, to be heard above the bigots that have kept you isolated for so very long. Don't assume that the right wing idiots are by any means ""religion"" and that you are excluded. You are not. In many churches - mine most certainly - lgbt people are the life and soul of our congregation and we simply would not exist without their love, compassion, hard work, and devotion.If this is what you yearn for, let no man keep you from it. There is nothing about your sexuality that keeps you from God. Learn it, love it, live it."	FAVOR
740	gayRights	Less than two weeks ago the senate stopped a bill that would of made it   legal   for   concealed carry   permit holders to be recognize from state to state. As it stands today no state haves to recognize the permits.	AGAINST
741	gayRights	Homosexuality causes no harm to anyone, therefore it is not immoral.	FAVOR
742	gayRights	It's not that gays are living together. It's not about   taxes   or   health insurance  . Its not about a license. All anybody wants is that when gays get a license the clerk marks out   marriage   and writes civil union.	FAVOR
743	gayRights	"What if it is not a gay gene.  What if a flood of hormones from mom cascade over the fetus?  What if the fetus' just developing glands squirt our the wrong hormone at just the right moment and that causes the homosexuality.Perhaps there is no gene, but limiting yourself to that straw-man is silly.The question was not ""Is there a gay gene"", it was ""Are people born gay?"""	FAVOR
744	gayRights	your debate skills are only eclipsed by the depth of your understanding.bravo.you win.woohoo.name calling, classy.	AGAINST
745	gayRights	Believe me, dear Sir: there is not in the British empire a man who more cordially loves a union with Great Britain than I do. But, by the God that made me, I will cease to exist before I yield to a connection on such terms as the British Parliament propose; and in this, I think I speak the sentiments of America. Ã‘Thomas Jefferson, November 29, 1775	AGAINST
746	gayRights	Oftentimes, when discussing this issue, religion is brought up.  Basically, the argument is that homosexulaity is a sin and marriage should be between a man and a women.  I'm not here to debate whether it is or isn't a sin.  If your beliefs dictate that it is wrong you are fully within your right to not be gay and to express your opinion.  However, concerning laws on this subject, since when has religion ran our country?  Our government must be seperate from our religous institutions.  I'm not positive, but the way I see our country is as a pretty free place.  Is it not?  I believe laws against same-sex marriage violate that most basic freedom of choice that we so love here in America.  	FAVOR
747	gayRights	"Well spoken, yet I cannot agree with you. In your conclusion you state that there is an aspect of choice. There are a few ways I can interpret your second sentence. (in the conclusion) Here is mine, individuals of homosexual orientation can become progenitors by choice, but must do this by an act that goes against their sexual orientation. Thus, their sexual orientation is against that of a progenitor and since progenitors are what create life and that very creation of life is a consequence of sexual reproduction, parenthood is formed. Now parenthood has many definitions and the ones that go into what I called ""maintenance"" is what I'm directly interested in. Yes, parenthood is, in part, the result of progenitors, but it is also very much so the raising and the nurturing aspect as well. When adoption is going to take place the progenitor/parent/s of origin are giving up their responsibility of raising and nurturing said child. In that aspect, they give up their rights to parenthood. You state that parenthood is a consequence of sexual reproduction, which I do not disagree, but another aspect of parenthood is the raising and nurturing. Having the ability to raise or nurture or both does not have reference to sexual orientation. Since this is the most important aspect to ""parenthood"" then any human possible of possessing a nurturing or raising nature is a possible target to be a parent. Perhaps they aren't the progenitors, but are fully capable of parenting. Thus, any human can posses the abilities to parent. Because of this a homosexual couple can posses the abilities to parent and thus have a right to be offered the option of adoption."	FAVOR
748	gayRights	You have stated the truth and all the whining can't   change   it.  Leave   children   out of trying to defend lifestyle choices..	AGAINST
749	gayRights	While most of Americans may not want to permit homosexuals to marry, The United States is not about the majority opinion. The government itself is designed as a mechanism to ensure equality - not to propagate inequality through the tyranny of the majority. It may not always work that way but it is the whole purpose of checks and balances. 	FAVOR
750	gayRights	Yeah, bite me ;)	FAVOR
751	gayRights	"   Your argument only takes in God's mercy and ignores His justice. Given your point of view why would Jesus need to go to the cross? Homosexuality is a sin as any other sexual sin. No different then adultery, fornication, internet porn or premarital sex. Many who look at this argument are stressing a point of perception that the gay and lesbian community and those who support them are trying to incorporate into American culture. God's righteous doesn't change to meets today's modern opinions. He does not condemn the homosexual from eternal life through repentance just as he doesn't bar the theft or internet porn addict, so long as they repent. None of us are permitted a ""Mulligan"", a sin we are allowed to engage in that is shielded from which God asks us to repent.    The most difficult ideal for gay and lesbian Christians to accept is their active engagement in their lifestyle is asked by the Father to be left at the Cross. Many liberal Christians have developed a pick and chose mentality of Christian faith and it has led many astray. V. Gene Robinson is a classic example, how can one lead a flock while being actively engaged in his most deep rooted sin. It engulfs his entire flock, they thus become embroiled in the entire debate of sexual sin, instead of growing in Christ. Sadly this has shielded active sinners into a false sense of security as they believe they are right with God, when actually they are in bondage to the one thing they won't give to Him. I tell you would a homosexual say it is ok to strike a brother, NO. Would he allow a child to be sexually abused, NO. Thus homosexuals pointing out that they don't live any more differently then straights, means nothing. Because some homosexuals display behavior openly means little, sin is sin whether out in the open or behind closed doors."	AGAINST
752	gayRights	Who gets custody if a straight couple breaks up? The better parent. Who would get custody is a gay couple breaks up? The better parent.How do they determine the better parent? The same way they would with a straight couple. There are no differences, because father's have been fighting for their rights to their children.And yes, parents should get married before they adopt. That's a great reason to let gays get married. Thank you, Tugman.	FAVOR
753	gayRights	Is heterosexuality morally wrong? Seems fair enough of a question for me to ask.	FAVOR
754	gayRights	Maybe he is incapable of forming a monogamous relationship. What ever he did what made him happy.	FAVOR
755	gayRights	"Allowing gay marriage would reduce pressure on gays to marry straight, which often leads to divorce and the undermining of the institution of marriage Homosexuals marrying straight can cause terrible emotional and social strife. By denying marriage to homosexuals, the legitimacy of homosexual relationships is denied, and greater pressure is put on homosexuals to marry straight to meet social standards. This has consequences. Allowing gay marriage would decrease this damaging social pressure on gays to marry straight, which can lead to broken marriages, broken families, and even subsequent suicide."	FAVOR
756	gayRights	"Children raised by homosexuals may become more tolerant individuals. American Academy of Pediatrics - ""growing up with parents who are lesbian or gay may confer some advantages to children. They have been described as more tolerant of diversity,"""	FAVOR
757	gayRights	"HOW MANY TIMES ARE YOU GOING TO DENY THE FACTS!!!Jake, at this point you are being willfully ignorant. I have shown you scientific explanations for homosexuality on numerous occasions in numerous debates. You have yet to respond to a single one. Is it because you know I'm right? Is it because you are in denial? For God's sake (and yes I use that phrase ironically) tell me what reasons you have for believing that A) ""nobody is born gay"" and B) they only become gay because their parents are gay?Also you are implying being gay is wrong...by whose definition and why? Just answer me once Jake. Enlighten me with the reasons that you believe surpass science and logic. Why do you feel discrimination is okay? Have you ever even met a homosexual?"	FAVOR
758	gayRights	sniffing their arm pits? They have tried harder to find a homosexual gene that cure   cancer   becasue if they can prove its genetic they can get lots of   money   from the government and justify their lifestyle, since they failed to find a gene, one does not exist so its futile but hey go for it, they are recruiting our   children   via the public schools, otherwise their numbers would diminish drastically over the next few years. Personally I think they will anyway as more and more baby boomers wake up to the fact that the lifestyle is a dead end, literally, and figuratively.	AGAINST
759	gayRights	"This is actually a very prevalent issue. Gay adoption is still a widely debated subject. There are a few organizations trying to dismantle gay adoption (Here is an article from 2006...I'm sorry it's a bit old, but I feel like it still has weight to it:  )Also, you stated: ""...I'm not saying they should adopt, but that they can, and it doesn't make much of a difference."" Explain your reasoning. Why wouldn't it make much of a difference? Personally I am pro-adoption, but I feel that hearing out details would be more beneficial than stating simple claims."	FAVOR
760	gayRights	"In his 520 page book, THE BIBLE AND HOMOSEXUAL PRACTICE, anti-gay evangelical Christian activist, Dr. Robert Gagnon, devotes more than ten pages to proving his assertion that ""homosexual shrine prostitution"" was the primary form of homosexual activity in ancient Israel.So there's no misunderstanding, Dr. Gagnon is adamantly against every kind of homosexual relationship. That's why his opinion about the prevalence of shrine prostitution in ancient Israeli is so startling.When the leading anti-gay evangelical Christian activist admits in print, that gay Christians are right (that the context of Leviticus 18:22 and 20:13 is shrine prostitution), we have already won a major part of the argument. Carefully note what Dr. Robert Gagnon says.Ã’I do not doubt that the circles out of which Lev 18:22 was produced had in view homosexual cult prostitution, at least partly. Homosexual cult prostitution appears to have been the primary form in which homosexual intercourse was practiced in Israel."" - Gagnon, p. 130""There is good evidence of homosexual cult prostitution in Israel during the period of the divided monarchy.Ã“ p. 100.The [Hebrew] term [qedesim/qades] denotes Ã’men at cult sites who engaged in homosexual prostitution: male temple (or cult, shrine, sacred) prostitutes.Ã“ p. 101.Qedesim Ã’...one of whose cultic functions was to offer their bodies to other men for same-sex intercourse.Ã“ p. 102.Ã’two other occurances of qedesa in the Bible (Gen 38:21-22; Hos 4:14) also link it with the term zona, Ã’prostitute, harlot.Ã“p. 103. Homosexuality wrong?Ã’The remark in I Kgs 14:24 that the people of Judah Ã’conformed their behavior to all the abominations (toebot) of the nations which Yahweh dispossessedÃ“ sounds remarkably like the summary in Lev 18:24-30, which followed a listing of sexual offenses that singled out in particular same-sex male intercourse as an Ã’abomination.Ã“Ã“ p. 103.Ã’the same-sex role of the assinu, kugarru, and kuluu (who, owing to castration, were certainly unsuitable partners for heterosexual intercourse and impregnation) does provide good evidence for homosexual cult prostitution.Ã“ p. 104.Ã’The harsh descriptions of the qedesim in I-2 Kings (I Kgs 14:24: Ã’even qades were in the landÃ“) and Job 36:14, along with the epithet of Ã’dogÃ“ in Deu 23:18, suggests a degree of revulsion more suited to same-sex male cult prostitution.Ã“ p. 104.Ã’That means JosiahÃ•s action against the qedesim in the temple precincts was likely taken as a direct result of laws in Deut 23:17-18 regarding the qedesim or Ã’dogs.Ã“Ã“ p. 106.Ã’It can hardly be denied that... (the author of Job 36:14) regarded the qedesim as homosexual cult prostitutes.Ã“ p. 108.Ã’Cult association is established by the name Ã’holy/consecrated onesÃ“ and by the connection to Asherah. The element of prostitution is clear from Deut 23:17-18 (fees for services rendered) and the connection to qedesot, who elsewhere are identified as harlots.Ã“ p. 108. Homosexuality wrong?Ã’The same-sex dimension is suggested by the label Ã’dogs,Ã“ by history of religion parallels, and by the unlikelihood of male heterosexual prostitution.Ã“ p. 108.Ã’The existence of homosexual shrine prostitutes in Judah was a recurring problem.Ã“ Dr. Robert Gagnon, p. 110.""Its not gay people who are taking the Bible out of context. Its the Christian anti-gay activists who take the Bible out of context."	FAVOR
761	gayRights	"As it happens, ""gay"" or ""homosexual"" define behavior, NOT one's genetic makeup. As science has discovered, generally, when you determine a specific gene to be responsible for one characteristic or another, turning that gene on or off will affect not simply the characteristic you were interested in but also characteristics you didn't anticipate. What this means is, there can be no ""gay gene"" however, there are likely at least one or more genes that set the stage for a predisposition for homosexual behavior. That one has the gene or genes in no way implies one MUST behave as a homosexual. But, of course, the same is true of heterosexuality. Certainly, nature establishes the necessary mechanisms for individuals to reproduce themselves, however, what nature does NOT do is establish one MUST reproduce. Clearly, an individual can choose not to reproduce and most individuals do in that most individuals engage in non-reproductive sex regardless of the gender of their partner. Also, nature clearly has no regard for whether you reproduce or not, i.e., there is no individual reproductive imperative in order for the individual to live, in that nature creates some individuals without a clear polarity to their gender and also creates individuals unable to reproduce but with the outward appearance of one gender or the other, and yet many of these individuals live full lives regardless of their inability to reproduce. ""Survival of the species"" appears to be a human invention and not a natural imperative. The rest of nature appears not to be concerned in the least whether humans continue to exist. That is the concern of individual human beings alone.You could just as easily say, ""science doesn't support the ""heterosexual gene"" either. Heterosexuality is a behavior which is clearly always choice because heterosexual CAN choose otherwise even if they generally do not. Also, reproduction isn't always nor even usually the reason for heterosexual behavior in that individuals commonly choose not to reproduce so, reproduction is also always choice - even if the choice is often made without regard for its consequences.Heterosexuality is no more an imperative than is homosexuality, bisexuality or asexuality. All of these behaviors are chosen but chosen loosely based on one's genetic predispositions, one's experiences and within one's current context."	FAVOR
762	gayRights	"I believe that homosexuality is a sin. But it is impossible for us to determine who is a christian or not. There is a story that my pastor tells: ""Two german missionaries weep on their beer glasses because they saw two fellow women american missionaries wearing jeans."" For some drinking beer is a sin. For others women wearing pants are sinners.I know homosexuality is not a cultural sin. But haven't God dealed with people that allow sins in their lives and still save them. The part of convincing them that is a sin lies on the Holy Spirit, not on us. But I agree church has the responsability to have a clear view of what is and what is not a sin."	AGAINST
763	gayRights	why are gays bad. as far as i can tell it is because either god said so or because people have an underlying fear against them. gays are not hurting anybody by being homosexual, so it doesn't make any sense.	FAVOR
764	gayRights	"Furthermore, your idea that children should be left to their biological parents (while holding no water) is moot in a discussion of -adoption-.  The children, if put up for adoption, will presumably -not- be raised by their biological parents.So let's see what evidence you have.""How many of you have ever regretted NOT being raised by a same sex couple? If you were making the choice for yourself, is it what you would have chosen?""In light of the evidence I presented above, that argument is equivalent to any of the following arguments:Have you regretted not being of the opposite gender?Have you regretted not being born ten seconds after your actual birth?Have you regretted not being of a different race?Have you regretted not being born ten miles away?You get my point.  The argument you presented in that quote is moot, because (1) one can never make such a judgment unless compelling scientific evidence has arisen (which has not been provided); and because (2) aspirations of an individual don't translate to aspirations for the society.""You can say a child's peers shouldn't haze them for being part of an alternate lifestyle, and no doubt they should not. That doesn't change the fact that they do.""So you would punish the child and the child's parents for an injustice committed by -someone else-?  That's harsh."	FAVOR
765	gayRights	"The dictionary defines marriage as: ""the social institution under which a MAN and WOMAN establish their decision to live as HUSBAND and WIFE by legal commitments, religious ceremonies, etc.Some dictionaries, maybe.Merriam-Webster gives us a similar definition, but also ""(2) : the state of being united to a person of the same sex in a relationship like that of a traditional marriage.""Regardless, words change, and dictionaries are descriptive rather than prescriptive: a given dictionary serves only to reflect the usage of words at the time of its printing.so what if someone wanted to marry their pet? Should we allow that too?No, at the very least on the grounds that an animal is incapable of consenting to marriage.People are really starting to lose the understanding of what marriage really means.On this, at least, we agree. Marriage is, in origin, a religious practice, and it should remain so without any legal connotations.My personal preference remains that the state should remove itself completely from the issue of marriage and all legal unions should be ""civil unions"". Then, every church may decide the capacity of its marriages, but the state would be free to place secular restrictions on civil unions. Thus, polygamist-religions can have their multiple-marriages, conservative christian groups can forbid gay-marriage, liberal-christian groups can allow gay marriage, and the legal benefits in all cases remain the same: none. Then, any two people who want the current legal benefits associated with marriage can file for a civil union in much the same way that they are currently required to file for a ""marriage license""."	FAVOR
766	gayRights	The religious right believes that someone can be forced, or will themselves, into an end of the spectrum. I've known bisexual people to wake up one morning and be intensely attracted to men, then to women the next day. 	FAVOR
767	gayRights	how does romans say homosexuality is a sin.(1) homosexuals do not have women..........not from their earliest sexual memories.(2) one cannot abandon something one has never had.(3) natural(dictionary)inclination of being according to personal essence(4) shame based lust....anything shamebased is a about self defilement that causes self hatred and self loathing. anything motivated by lust is committed to satiating the lust. the individuals involved are mere instruments for satiating the lust. there is no commitment between individuals.homosexuals bond out of mutual love, affection, devotion, trust, and respect for a shared committed life together, the same as with heterosexual bonding. it is about self affirmation.to say that romans is about homosexuality, is like saying that orgies are about heterosexual bonding.	FAVOR
768	gayRights	Responding once again that there's no such thing as Judeo-Christian. It's just Christian. Jews were not involved.	FAVOR
769	gayRights	"Institute for Marriage and Public Policy"	AGAINST
770	gayRights	I agree with you.  I don't want it both ways.  Like I said...the license is the same for everyone...what you do with it is up to you.  Go to a church and get married under the eyes of God.  You have a license for a civil union from the government - not a marriage license.  Your church lets you get married.  The government lets you file taxes as a union...not as a married couple.  Your company lets you buy insurance as a union, not as a couple.  You file a will as a union...not as a couple.  Whatever ceremony you choose to celebrate is up to you.So where do I want cake and to eat, too??????? DUH?  I want the government OUT of my life.  But YOU can't have them in my life about other things...like how I raise MY children.  If I want to spank MY child, it is none of your business.  I was spanked by a wonderful father who NEVER raised a hand to me in anger.  When I had misbehaved, he sent me to my room until he was no longer angry.  Then he came in and talked to me about what I had done wrong.  Then he told me that he had to spank me to make me remember not to do it again.  Then he gave me a    spanking   ...not a beating.  I never had a mark.  Not a red bottom.So I believe he did a good job, and the idea that some knee-jerk reaction from a do-gooder could have me arrested for disciplining my child makes me FURIOUS.  It's not the government's business.  I want the government out of my business.  It doesn't take a village to raise a child.  It takes a family...a whole family, a loving whole family with proper values and a Mom at home to pay attention and a Dad who comes home and pays attention.  It takes FAMILY...not Government...and I want them OUT of my life. 	FAVOR
771	gayRights	The real purpose of the Cosby Show was to indoctrinate Americans that black people were normal, acceptable, and a desirable alternative in neighbors.The bigotry just never ceases with you....  	FAVOR
772	gayRights	That was a marvelous testimony. God bless you.	AGAINST
773	gayRights	"This is a pointless and fruitless debate, even though the answer is clear: Yes,   of course   children with same-sex parents are at a disadvantage compared to the children of stable, monogamous, traditional families. Boys learn how to relate to women and girls substantially through their relations with their mothers; girls learn how to relate to men and boys substantially through their relations with their fathers. A same-sex couple is all but certain to under-serve one of these developmental needs.But the question is   still irrelevant.   The proper questions are:1. Are children with same-sex parents disadvantaged in comparison to children who are never adopted?2. Would any degree of disadvantage,   assuming we could measure such a thing objectively,   justify forbidding same-sex couples to adopt children?The answers to these questions cannot be collectivized. The answer to #1 is ""Sometimes; it depends on the adoptive parents."" On #2, there cannot be a satisfying consensus, because we don't know how to measure ""advantages"" and ""disadvantages"" in a way that will both command agreement and satisfactorily control for non-environmental factors. After all, heredity and free will always play a part, and one cannot ""run the experiment"" a second time."	AGAINST
774	gayRights	I was raised by my biological mother and her partner. I am no different than anyone else. Nor was I any different than any of my school friends. Which  by the way was ALOT! None of their parents had any problems with it, it did not stop me from doing the same things that the straight parented   kids   did. When my mother died, many of my school friends and their parents attended her funeral, along with BOTH of my ex husbands and their families, including the new wives. My mother being gay did not hurt my   children   either. My mother's partner is still a daily part of our lives and we are the better for it! Get your facts straight. The kids that have issues are the ones raised by parents that dont give a crap about no one but themselves. Out there screwing around,drinking and doing drugs. That is straight and gay parents. Your sexual orientation doesnt make you a bad or good parent, your heart makes that choice.	FAVOR
775	gayRights	"OK, I am in perfect agreement with you that this conversation should probably be over. I'll respond to both posts. First, I don't apologize for my opinions. I have, however, clarified to my earlier post, that when I forgot to specifically mention pedophilia as being unrelated to homosexuality, I assumed the reader would group pedophilia and serial murder. I have clarified this point, and I'll say again, pedophilia and serial killing are in no way similar to homosexuality. I was merely using hyperbole to show that people do not have a right to do everything they are born desiring.""whether people ""turn gay"" or are born gay, is not a matter of opinion. 1+1=2 is not a matter of opinion. It's a fact.""  a scholarly response to the idea that this has been pr oven. I'm sure we can both go on all day posting on this idea, the reality is we just don't know. I personally believe people are born with a predisposition toward homosexuality which can either be cultivated or repressed, but everyone has the ability to make decisions in their life. Besides, no one is arguing gays should stop what they're doing (well, some people probably are).Again, ad homonyms all over. It seems If anyone says something you disagree with the best thing to do is call them hateful and stupid. Oh and gay, but I guess I'm too dumb to get that.If 51% of people voted for slavery it wouldn't matter because slavery is made illegal by the constitution and the courts would then have an obligation to point that out. That's what it's for. If anyone can show me where it says you have a right to marry whomever you want in the constitution I will go picket in CA right now.I guess I should be more clear. Gay people have been persecuted for a long time. It's a shame they feel the need to persecute others now that they are gaining popularity. And you can call me a liar whenever you disagree with me if you like (it's very effective I'm sure), but my sister cried every day during the prop 8 thing because she supported it and she was constantly harassed. I never said she was afraid for her life, but that does make the story more interesting, doesn't it :)""You seem to think I live in some state of fear?""This was also irony. I was suggesting that discrimination against gays has largely disappeared (that doesn't mean everyone agrees with you, it just means their rights are no longer being violated, i.e. they can get work, they don't get killed (hopefully!), etc). I apologize about thinking you were gay (not that its bad), you made a comment on an earlier post that I must have misunderstood.""As for Mormons and Catholics not giving money to the cause of denying a group of people their rights...""I hate to play the ""I'm right"" game, but I am here. Do more research, my father is a leader in the Mormon church. While church members donated and were asked to support the legislature, the church itself did not make any political donations. I'm not as sure about the Catholics, but if they're smart they played it the same way. I agree that some of the churches which are heavily political (i.e. Jeremiah Wright?) should get out of politics or be taxed as political entities. Churches do, however, have a right to encourage voting on moral issues (it's actually in the law, believe it or not), and both of these churches are silent on political issues outside of this.I won't apologize for my opinion. The real irony is that I'm not even opposed to gay marriage. I'm opposed to people who will do anything to get their way, no matter who it hurts. Anyway, you've heard my point of view. I will change it the minute anyone can shows me that gay marriage is a protected constitutional right, or when a vote is passed. Until then, I respect your right to believe in whatever you want, and I even respect your right to hate and mock everyone who disagrees with you (thought I will then ask you to respect my right to call you a hateful shallow bigot. yay free speech). I would honestly be happy for everyone to just say, look, you and I disagree, but we have that right and we can still be friends, because right now that's not happening... Oh, and I still don't like the courts usurping authority not given to then by the constitution :)"	AGAINST
776	gayRights	"Went I attended The Ohio State University it was going through a tranistion in it's Psychology department.  The 70's were a time of new ideas and conventions.Our Professors were being told to teach that homosexuality was not abnormal or a disorder.  But that didn't change the facts.In particular male homosexuality is still quite rare 1/2 to 1 % of the population is actively gay or homosexual.As for whether its is ""born"" or learned the answer lies somewhere inbetween.  Men and women are often born genetically inbetween male and female.  This is a known fact and in some cases infants even have both sets of genitalia.  Some men grow up with feminine behaviors, voices, and even build.This however doesn't predetermine their gender identity, because often parental and peer influence is so strong that these men fall into the role of the male parent and spouse. However, when young, they can be ostacized by alpha males, and drawn to homosexuals who might see them as an easy turn.Others are afffected by sexual trauma inflicted by a family member or peer, and othertimes imprinting behavior is missing in a family that is not functioning prooperly because of divorce or a parent accidentlly or deliberately confusing their role.  In affect, in both situations it is a learned behavior though in the latter case is dramatically affected by biologically conflicted gender identity.It is an unpopular stand to take to say that being gay is abnormal, but the fact that it is rare and is not selected for genetically and it can not reproduce itself genetically over time says that it is an abnomally.That said I believe that tolerance and love is called for, but not encouragement we are seeing in our society today.  We don't encourage deafness, blindness, or   autism  , though we also are not intolerant of their condition.  Then too we will strive to imprive their situation if a ""cure"" presents itself.  Note that the deaf community is staarting to push back against curing deafness, because they see it as a threat to the normalcy of their community."	AGAINST
777	gayRights	"Yes there are 3 definitions for sexuality, please provide an example of another if you think there are more. Ok, so you say the ""Only"" theory that does not arouse contradiction is that homosexuals are an example of social deviance... You are wrong on so many levels in so many ways it is quite disturbing.  You are asserting that being homeless at 14 is a sufficient condition to be homosexual; however, I know of homosexuals who had a strong and healthy home and were never homeless and people who were homeless at 14 and are not homosexual.  As far as   homosexuality   being a deviance, that is merely an observation and not an argument nor evidence.  It is true that in many cultures throughout history homosexual has been considered as a deviant behavior, you promote no argument by citing this.  Furthermore, that theory does arouse contradiction... e.g., many comments and articles in this very thread... "	AGAINST
778	gayRights	"It is the adherance to the belief system that you display in your comment that has gotten this country where it is today..And, I belief, the same process that brought about the destruction of multiple civilizations.  The minimization of Scripture; the pompous belief that man has Truth, or at least has the capability of finding Truth; that we as people are born ""good""; that there is no ""right"" or ""wrong"" in this world; that there is no afterlife, or consequences for our current behaviors or liefstyles--these are all consequences of modern thoughts/beliefs.  Let me boil this down to one question: Would it be wrong for an adult male to sexually abuse a female infant?  The child will have no recollection of the event(s), so no ""harm"" was technically done, and it fulfilled the deranged desires of the abuser.  What would you do if this happened to YOUR daughter?This absurd example is an extreme, used to highlight the fallacy and illogical nature of modern ""logic.""God's reality and commands never lead to anything ""disgusting.""  The Old Testament commands about 'putting to death' is hyperbole.  For example, to my knowledge, there are no records showing that disrespectful children were put to death.  I believe social commands such as this one were given to highlight the importance of and to decree the exact social hierarchy/structure (e.g. the role and respect given to parents; their influence and control over their children)."	AGAINST
779	gayRights	Yep, like I said...Jesus uttered NOT ONE WORD about homosexuality.  	FAVOR
780	gayRights	If it isn't wrong why don't you like it. Can you prove there is nothing wrong with it? Prove it!	AGAINST
781	gayRights	"""Let's be clear: Jews have been denied civil rights; we aren't looking to deny others anything.  But this is not about legal rights for gay couples.  It is about a threat to religious institutions under the guise of civil rights.""Let me be clear, this is a denial of civil rights, plain and simple, and you are very clearly denying Gays of their right to wed -- you can't honestly debate that fact. Your religion is under no obligation to recognize these people as married, nor will you ever be required to wed these couples, and it does not affect your religion in any way whatsoever. We're not going to regulate or change your religion at all, all we want is for you religion to stop oppressing us and guiding our religious practices.There is no ""guise"" here or whatever you want to call it. Gays are being denied an opportunity everyone else has. I honestly don't care what your religion says, just as you should not care what mine says, but we should both have the right to practice our religions. My religions says it's A-OK for gays to marry one another, yours doesn't.Therefore, don't let gays marry in your church. We'll let gays marry in mine.From the Bill of Rights:""Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof."" We aren't prohibiting your religion from doing anything, so you shouldn't be able to prohibit the exercise of my religion from doing what it feels is right."	FAVOR
782	gayRights	What about people that have think that god doesn't exist. Because they don't know that God doesn't exist. Can we decide they are right? We can't decide these things for ourself based on other peoples beliefs. It is important to find these things out for ourselves. How do you know that I don't know. Why can't I have faith and knowledge. The truth is you need both.	AGAINST
783	gayRights	To Michelle:God is the one that created people (whether they want to deny his existence or not) therefore everyone has some measure of good in them and also a conscience. So people who chose to practice homosexuality or follow other gods are only searing their conscience.  Nature itself testifies that God exist, for instance observe the change in seasons no human being is smart enough to invent that.  Not even animals practice such depravity as some humans.  Remember sin came into the world because of Mankind.I am a Christian and I refuse to agree with three quarters of the people saying it is right when God find that lifestyle detestable.  Any Christian who tells you or anybody else that practicing homosexuality is O.K with God  he/she in their own sweet way is telling you to go hell and the spirit of truth is not them.  Don't be deceived the devil is a roaring lion seeking who he may devour.  The Bible said I present before you life or death choose life.  The life you live here on earth will determine where you spend eternity it is either heaven or hell.  Jesus is your savior while you are on earth and he is your judge once your spirit leaves your body especially if you are not a Born again Believer filled with the Holy Spirit.  A day will come when every knee shall bow and every tongue shall confess that Jesus Christ is Lord.  There is only one God.You may not like what I have to say, that is O.K the truth alone is controversial.	AGAINST
784	gayRights	Too late. You said God.......................................................................;)	AGAINST
785	gayRights	"It's a shame that you have such a strong Christian background and yet have fallen for the New Age philosophy. It appears you have rejected Biblical principles in favor of the politically correct philosophy of today's world. All societies ""impose"" on their citizens their particular belief systems. I disagree that God being written into our founding documents is a North American tradition. Western   society   (Europe, North and South America) is what it is today because of Christianity; the practice of Christianity throughout western history has been somewhat dubious, but the principles are what established western society. The abuse of Christianity was only one cause of the French Revolution. The main causes were famine, high   taxes  , and   debt  . The French Revolution may have eliminated Christianity in its government, and look at how irrelevant France is today. Regarding true freedom -- freedom is not free and true freedom comes with responsibility. You are confusing freedom with licentiousness. Freedom doesn't mean doing what you want when you want. The American concept of freedom means that government should stay out of your way so you can determine your life. But government has established all sorts of limits on individual freedom, even those outlined in the Constitution, for the betterment of society as a whole. What insight have you gained that declares 10,000 years of human history wrong regarding   homosexual   marriage?As far as my judging others, Jesus Christ specifically said in John 7:24 -- ""Judge not according to the appearance, but judge righteous judgment."" Since   homosexuality   goes against God's Word, I am judging homosexuality, not homosexuals. Opposing the act of homosexuality is righteous judgment. Someone well-versed in Scripture should know that. God has already judged me through the blood of Jesus Christ. One day I will have to stand before God and answer for my actions, but my   soul   has already been judged and redeemed. When I do stand before God, I'll have to answer for a lot of things, but at least I won't have to explain why I went against Him in the area of homosexuality. And while I'm not entirely responsible for souls, I am responsible for spreading the gospel message of hope. So I do have a part to play."	AGAINST
786	gayRights	What about those Christian Churches that marry homosexuals?	FAVOR
787	gayRights	"Two people of the same sex getting married is just two people playing house.  It has nothing to do with hate or discrimination.  It has to do with what is right or wrong.  Allowing gay marriage is just showing that the society is going deeper into moral decay. God is the one that created marriage & it is between one man and one woman anything else apart from that is not of God therefore, cannot be called a marriage.Some people might say God does not judge them well let's clarify that.  While you are alive on this earth in your mortal body God has not yet pass judgment on anyone because he wants everyone to be saved and that means accepting Jesus Christ as Lord and Savior of your life, because after death is the judgment.  Everyone will give have to an account on the type of life they lived here on earth.Does God allow each of us to make our own choices? Yes, but know this every decision you make has consequences.  The Bible said in Revelation 2l verse 8, ""But the cowardly, the unbelieving the vile, the murderers, the sexually immoral, those who practice magic arts, the idolaters and all liars-their place will be in the fiery lake of burning sulfur.  This is the second death.""  I am not making this up it is already written."	AGAINST
788	gayRights	"See Debate:Homosexuality "	AGAINST
789	gayRights	"""Thirdly, consider yourself dead to your old nature and your carnal nature. Don't obey the lust of your flesh, rather subject yourself to the Spirit of God and live for God.""Torturing yourself is not healthy. What your are saying is that you must torture yourself to obey god's supposed ""word."" What kind of god would want a person to do that? The only logical conclusion I can think of is a cruel one.It's like you've made it some sort of ""righteous test"" in your mind; something you think you need to overcome - but what you can't see is that a god that would do that to a person isn't worth worshiping in the first place."	FAVOR
790	gayRights	"SidAirfoil, If you REALLY believe the   bible   is ""God's Word"" not man's and as you say ""In any case, my major concern is that the source of religious moral laws (in this case,   the law   against   homosexuality  ) is   god   and not man"",  then I challenge you to explore all of the scripture that I have assembled at  and swear on the bible that you believe all of the horrible statements attributed to ""God"" in the bible! including for example:    ""No one born of a forbidden   marriage   (no ""bastard"") nor any offspring from such a marriage may enter the assembly of the LORD, not even in the tenth generation.""         If Deuteronomy 23:2 is taken seriously (which Conservatives must do, if they take the scriptures as seriously as they claim) , then these are the inevitable consequences :Not only are all the ""bastard""   children   of the faithful to be unjustly punished (for something they had no power over), but all of the following as well:all of their children, (2nd generation)their grand-children, (3rd generation)their great-grand-children, (4th generation)their great-great-grand-children, (5th generation)their great-great-great-grand-children,their great-great-great-great-grand-children,their great-great-great-great-great-grand-children,their great-great-great-great-great-great-grand-children,their great-great-great-great-great-great-great-grand-children as well,(which could number into the hundreds if not thousands of offspring).         This also has serious ramifications going BACKWARDS, i.e. ,Can you be absolutely sure that you yourself aren't a bastard?How can you be sure that neither of your two parents was?What about your 4 grand-parents?What about your 8 great-grand-parents?etc.,  etc.,  etc.,  etc.,  etc.,  etc.,  "	FAVOR
791	gayRights	"You don't really address any of my questions, Jake. I counter your debate and then you ignore the point and go off on a tangent. So you say that parents are legally married... ok, so if there is a divorce those people are no longer parents? If there is a death of a parent? You are defining a family in a very narrow sense. Gay sex partners are not what we are talking about here, but gay ""people who actually love each other and their children and who stay together."""	FAVOR
792	gayRights	"""wow my life my life is already turning out better then yours""What do you mean your life is turning out well? You live with your parents. You have no responsibilities, accomplishments, or qualifications for anything as you are 15. You are not even old enough to get a job, what are you talking about?Ah I see you are related to JakeJ. I can't say I am surprised."	FAVOR
793	gayRights	"The American Psychological Association says otherwise:""most people experience little or no sense of choice about their sexual orientation"""	FAVOR
794	gayRights	Did you read the whole statement or just pick something that you could argue with. It's not just the gays that don't get to marry the person that they desire to. And how do you know that maybe I have experienced this first hand. Don't judge me as someone who doesn't understand this circumstance. But why should gays get the rights that others don't.	AGAINST
795	gayRights	"No one says you have to LIKE gay people, or gay marriage.  What you do not have a right to do is force what your notions of right and wrong upon others by preventing them from attaining equal status under the law.  You can wear a shirt that says ""I'd rather lick a pig's anus than agree with gay marriage"".  You can be just as vocal about being irrationally against something just like the KKK is.... you don't have to accept gay marriage.  But you don't have a right to legally prevent another person from attaining the same legal protections marriage offers.  No one is ""indoctrinating"" anyone.  It's the indoctrination of society that had prevented gay people from being accepted as even people until recent history.   Aaaand you would appear to have been indoctrinated.  "	FAVOR
796	gayRights	cause there sick in the head.	AGAINST
797	gayRights	"I think you are mistaken about gay marriage, Jesus never said anything about it. What we read in the bible are what they think Jesus said and even they don't agree about many things in relation to Jesus, so not a good arguing point.However, the bible is clear that it is anti homosexual, so your right among ""believers"" and the ""faithful"", most likely your mind won't be changed to accept gay marriage. This means that you, your fellow church friends and the church itself should stay out of what is really a secular question on discrimination. Since, before we ever get the proof of whether or not heaven exists, marriage has many secular implications. Peoples taxes, property rights, health and death issues, all fall into the realm of secular legislation and as such, our government is expected to treat all people equally. This puts your feelings and faith second but it is the right thing to do."	FAVOR
798	gayRights	Once upon a time, there were these people. And they came in many colors (Really, only about four or five). Anyway, some of these people thought that they should have separate facilities than those of darker colors. Separate schools, separate bathrooms, separate seats on the bus (Talk about a waste of taxpayer money!). The light colored people thought it was great, but the dark colored people did not. They realized that they got what is known worldwide today as The Shaft. Separate but equal is never equal. You either give equal rights or you don't. ---------------------------------I support civil unions for all marriages that occur outside the church, but let rights be entirely equal for all.	FAVOR
799	gayRights	Are you suggesting that we should freeze things the way they are now?  No more rights for anyone?  We've finally got it right, and if we go any farther we'll open 'Pandora's Box'?  Are you sure we haven't gone just a little too far?  Maybe we should take away a women's right to vote...  Or maybe we should take away the right for persons of different races to marry... Or maybe we should segregate the schools again...  We should have a negro league for all sports...  We should outlaw liquor again...  We shouldn't allow women to work...  We should decide on just one religion and throw all the non-christians out of our perfect country.God only knows the dangers of allowing two consenting adults to pledge themselves to one another.  It would be just like a man raping a child.  Or maybe it would be more like a man raping a cat.  And also, 12 and 13 year olds would be considered adults if we allow same sex couples to marry.Now, quite frankly, I think your opinion and your logic is gross and unacceptable.  But that's your business.  And I can choose to think you're wrong without wanting to force you to think just like me.  And you can think same sex marriage is wrong.  But how will it affect you on a daily basis if same sex couples marry?	FAVOR
800	gayRights	"""For all I'm concerned people can marry their cat if they want to. If it doesn't hurt anyone, what does it matter?""1) It would certainly hurt the cat if the person who married it tried to consummate the marriage. Aside from the physical harm it would suffer, I highly doubt that the poor feline would consent to being violated in such a manner.2) I'm pretty sure bestiality is outlawed everywhere. It's one of many so-called ""alternative lifestyles"" that federal and state governments neither protect nor should protect."	AGAINST
801	gayRights	"The specific thing you requested was for me to give you a legitimate reason why someone would oppose gay marriage for reasons other than religion. I did that. You said that, ""I feel that bigotry or ignorance are the only reasons to oppose this issue."" I thought I gave a perfect example where this was not the case. Some people just don't want to be around other people. That does not make them a bigot nor does it make them ignorant. Not granting gays the word marriage but granting them the same rights does not make one a bigot nor does it make one ignorant nor does it hurt the gay community.You say that same but separate is not good enough as though as soon gays are allowed to marry the bigots will suddenly see the errors of their ways. That's not going to happen. All the litigation in the world will never force a bigot to accept you. He will just look at you in the eye, turn around, and roll his eyes.My argument does not call people names. Your argument calls anyone opposed to gay marriage a bigot or ignorant. The side you're on is considered liberal. The side I'm on is seen as conservative. I don't categorize my argument as conservative because it takes a middle of the road approach. Take a little (your rights) give a little (leave the word behind). This is what I call negotiation. The side you're on is not interested in negotiation and is seen as militant; it's a ""my way or the highway"" approach and then your side acts surprised when they encounter resistance.The side your on wants people to put themselves in their shoes but they are not willing to put themselves in the shoes of the other side.The side I'm on is seen as being based on religion. I don't categorize my argument as being based on religion because my argument does not invoke religion. It invokes human nature. My argument is also constructive in that it alienates a smaller group on the religious right. It is pragmatic and rational in that it gets gays their rights sooner and all they are leaving on the table is just a word.People can want all they want. I never said it was unreasonable. I just think that it is not practical at this point in time as evidence by proposition 8. I have said that gays will eventually win. But why does it have to be right now and at what cost? Take your time, regroup, do a ""lessons learned"" analysis of what went wrong and why and then try again later.People can want all they want but that does not mean that they are entitled to it or that they deserve it or that they have a right to it.The status quo does not seem right to me. Otherwise I would never have suggested to bypass them. I saw an injustice occurring and I tried to think of a pragmatic approach towards getting what I consider important and leaving behind what I don't consider important in the shortest amount of time. That was my contribution. That was my way of stepping up to the plate and trying to fix things and I got slammed. This explains why others that have tried to help the gay community but encountered the negative feed back have stopped supporting gay marriage more than anything else. What allowed slavery to continue was not inaction and complacency. People were working towards fixing it. What allowed slavery to continue for as long as it did is that it takes time to change the world. The gay community is not asking for certain rights, it is demanding them. The gay community is not interested in negotiating and this stance is alienating a lot of potential allies. The gay community is taking an in your face approach and are surprised when the other side responds in kind.The group that followed Martin Luther King were not militant. The Black Panthers were.The gays that are peacefully trying to advance their agenda are not militant. The ones vandalizing churches are.The gay community wants to portray itself as being the new civil rights fighters of our generation. The black community finds this highly offensive. What is the worst a gay man has had to openly endure in the last 10 years and compare that to what a black man had to endure during the 60's. There's no comparison. The gay community as the new civil rights fighters of our generation is an exaggeration; it is a tactic meant to get them what they want, nothing else.No one promised gays the right to marriage. They can have their love legally recognized under a different name and not suffer because of it. They can be part of a nation that allows the pursuit of happiness without the having the word marriage. The word marriage will not magically get them to be acceptance nor get them a chance at the happiness that everyone else takes for granted. They have to find happiness within themselves. No one can grant it to them so no one can deny it to them.I hope you see why I am upset at those hypocritical gays that say ""empathize with our suffering in a society that does not fully accept us"" and then turn around and vandalize churches. Now that is a real crime and it is not very accepting of the other side. I don't think they are empathizing with the other side, do you? I guess they forgot to put on their neighbors shoes. Do you think that when gays call the other side hateful and bigot and ignorant that they are able to see the humanity of the other side? Does maligning someone help you solve your differences or does it hinder? And if it hinders, why do it. What value is there in calling someone a bigot? It is a great tactic. The Nazis used it with great success to get people to think that it was OK to kill Jews because, after all, Jews were vermin. You see?"	AGAINST
802	gayRights	"Because one cannot exist nor act ""outside of nature"", i.e., there being no ""outside"", all that one does is necessarily natural. Your argument is one of assumption that the purpose of a single human life and the purpose of ALL human life is procreation. Although true, the species will not continue without a sufficient number of individuals reproducing, you assume also that it is the duty of either every or at least some individuals to do so. I would submit there is no such duty to ""carry on the species"", however, one is certainly and ought certainly be free to do so if one wishes. What one is not free to do nor ought to be free to do is compel a false duty to reproduce on every individual member of the abstract idea of ""species"".I must also submit that the word and utterance ""marriage"" has many meanings depending on the one using it and context of its use. Individual human beings ""marry"" themselves to one another in an enormously diverse number of ways. Mere ""best friends"" are married to one another. Employer and employee are ""married"" from a certain form of view. One is ""married"" to one's pets if there is a mutual love, mutual dependence. Same-sex and, indeed differently sexed couples and even large groups of individuals have been marrying themselves to one another since before the dawn of this species we call ""humanity"". There is nothing anyone can do to prevent the emotional marriage of two or more individuals to one another if they so choose. They and their detractors often do not understand or, in the least, forget the fullest implications of the concept of ""marriage"". Certainly, those who rail against same-sex marriage as a potential redefinition of ""marriage"" seem to miss the irony of their very limited understanding of the much broader concept. Communities may or may not be at liberty to suppress official recognition of a ""marriage"" of two or more people. As a more advanced thinker, I am little bothered by what communities allow or disallow on this issue. An authentic marriage is one of the heart, mind, spirit.No government, vote, voter, law or court can allow or disallow what is quite outside of their control. That communities create a bit of paper and a stamp and then deny some few to participate in ownership of that unnecessary paper and stamp is a ludicrous self inflation of childish human beings. Those genuinely committed to one another have no need of community approval."	FAVOR
803	gayRights	"I really like the reasoning in this thread (leading up to and including your post), but a lot of thoughts/sentiments/ideals need to be ""test-driven"" on this middle path. I want to see that happen because I support it.Personally, I hate debates and yes/no positions...I like it when you watch a person think ideas through and dance around until resting on a position they feel more secure with after the conversation.Here are some opinions I am attempting to paraphrase from various discussion threads on this section of the opposing opinions web site: a)   same-sex marriage   values more than just protections; they want the ""intangeables"" of marriage toob) having civil unions classifying only the same-sex marriage is a fundamental inequality to marriage [which says that separate itself is unequal, and separate but equal will not be agreeable]c) most of the division on this issue is the use of the word marriage in affiliation with same-sex couples, but much fewer will have an issue with ensuring same-sex couples the same [federal/state defined] legal rights as married couples d) any argument about   religious   institutions not recognizing same-sex marriage is reversely encroaching upon the rights of the historical churches by state/federal involvement. [Thus, this violates the separation of   church and state  , which protects our   society   in both directions.]Here are my thoughts as extension of those shared in the post above me:1. why not have a new word that means marriage and is defined by religious institutions that support same-sex relationships?2. why not support that state and federal policies and protections refer to all relationships formed through weddings/ceremonies/courts as civil unions to encompass marriage and any other   religion  -defined relationships in addition to state recognized/defined relationships.Looking forward - the next questions1. If state and federal authorities, back out of the picture after calling everything remotely resembling marriage as a   civil union  , how will the argument approach resolution at the steps of the churches in the US?2. Is this an issue beyond the Christian churches? What about the Jewish faith or Islam? any alternatives for same-sex couples from those religions?"	AGAINST
804	gayRights	"I'm having a hard time not resorting to petty argument tactics such as ""you are stupid"". But let me be clear. You _ARE_ stupid. Having gotten that out of the way, let's discuss why. First, you think a boy who sees a picture of a ""normal"" family will be confused that his ""mom"" has muscles. A 2 year old is well aware of gender differences and perfectly capable of understanding that he has two dads, rather than a mom and a dad. Secondly, you believe that child will feel hurt and pain at the ""cruel truth"". What cruel truth is that exactly? That he was adopted by two loving people to be given a better life than he otherwise would have had? Finally, STD's are contractable by heterosexuals too. I ask that you stop and think prior to engaging in discussion. I have one further question for you. If homosexuality goes against nature as you say, then is it a choice people make? And if so, when did you choose to be heterosexual?"	FAVOR
805	gayRights	"I just spent the last five minutes looking through my arguments seeing if I could find where I said ""everyone who opposes gay marriage is a bigot"" and guess what? I wasted my time! Don't put things in quotes as if I said them when I clearly didn't. If you want to use quotes copy and paste, I have written plenty of stuff, I'm sure you can find something that will go to prove your point.If I am understanding you correctly, here is your argument: People are not being bigoted just because they don't want to be around people. Am I right so far? Because I agree with this part. Next you say: some people who don't want gays to get married only because they don't want to be around them. Is this correct? Because I think you might be right that this could be some peoples reasons. No one is asking them to hang out with homosexuals, or even talk to them so I don't understand their rationale, but at least it's an explanation. So so far we agree.Now here's where your logic decides to jump off a cliff into a pile of razor blades after having swallowed a gallon of vodka and three bottles of sleeping pills: People are not being bigoted, or intolerant when they allow their discomfort of being around gays to affect their decisions as to whether gays should be allowed to get married. Is this the basic point your making? If not ignore the rest of the argument and clarify your position, but if so keep reading. Denying others rights because you don't like their lifestyle is intolerant and bigoted. I may not like people with your opinions but I would never try to take away your right to voice them. Here is where the difference lies. You are allowed to be uncomfortable with how people live. I admit, I would be pretty uncomfortable around a man who wore nothing but a thong all day, but I wouldn't take away his rights. I could decide not to hang out with the thong-man. I might purposefully avoid him, but I would not take away his rights or the rights of all the thong-men in the entire state. Why? Because I know that if my lifestyle was not the popular or accepted one then I would not want people trampling on my rights.Your metaphor is an inaccurate one for two reasons: A) there is no logic in a groups wanting to change the name of their condition; and (this is the important one) B) homosexuals aren't forcing anything on people, merely asking for the same rights as afforded to others. A change in the name of your condition does not afford you more rights. (I considered including a C that said your an idiot but I didn't think that would add anything to my argument)"	FAVOR
806	gayRights	First of all, Muslims and other religious practitioners not of the Judeo-Christian persuasion have and do allow muliple marriages.  Secondly, if being allowed to marry is not a civil right, I don't know what it.As for natural, how come same sexual mating behavior exists in the same proportion in the mammal world in general as it does amongst homo sapiens?	FAVOR
807	gayRights	"Homosexuals teach a tolerance toward dysfunctionality. Homosexuals inherently champion every dysfunctional cause as a so-called right, the result of which has infected all of society with tolerating dysfunction"	AGAINST
808	gayRights	"when asked recently what i thought of gay, lesbian, and bisexual people...this was my response...they're awesome people, most of my best frenz from my past are gay or lesbian..and just like the rest of us, they're sinners as well..i am a sinner, saved only by His grace. i am so far from being able to walk on water without sinking to the bottom..but He loves me enough to save me by His grace.God loves them as much as He does you or i..Jesus came and died and rose again for them as much as He did for you and i..God doesn't like what they do, as far the kind of life that they live(nor does He like what thieves, liars, and murderers do)..but they are just as able to be delivered from that life, and saved and be heaven-bound as any of the rest of us..unfortunately, there are many, many gays and lesbians that believe they can continue living that life and that God will welcome them into heaven along with those that have confessed their sins, and repented of that life..and God is the only one that can judge, but God will not and cannot allow anyone who is unrepentant into heaven..no matter what the sin is.many and most leaders in the gay church tell their congregations that God is love, and He is..but God is also just..He is holy, and i don't think most people realize exactly what that means..asking forgiveness of Him for what we've done is one thing..being repentant is another. to repent is to confess that sin and turn from it, in some cases(like mine) run from it;) alot of Christians approach the glbt community the wrong way..with hate, and contempt, and self-righteousness, and threats of hellfire and brimstone..which always reminds me of the woman that the pharisees brought to Jesus because she was caught in adultery..when asked what He thought should happen to her for what she had done, He drew a line in the sand and told the crowd of men collected there that ""whoever is without sin, let him be the one to cast the first stone""..after thinking about what the Lord had said, and examining themselves (realizing that none of us is without sin), they set their stones down and left..the Lord then turned back to the woman, asking her where her accusers were..He simply told her ""to go and sin no more""...alot of Christians need to remember that when it comes to the hateful, accusing way(s) that they approach those that are still struggling and lost..."	AGAINST
809	gayRights	Science shows that it's incredibly unlikely that people choose their orientation, and that it's really, really likely that there is a pretty strong biological component to sexual orientation. HISTORY shows us that same-sex relationships were fairly normal for most of the time humans have been on this earth. Biology shows that   homosexuality   shows up in most species studied. But regardless of that.Making a sexual orientation a moral issue, if sexual orientation is biological, is a bit like making anything else biological a moral issue--Race (that's something that's been done for a long, long time), or height, or what have you. 	FAVOR
810	gayRights	OF COURSE GAYS SHOULD HAVE THE RIGHT TO MARRY!!!!When its love, it has no limits, right? They shouldn't be discriminated against over something so personal. Its their life and people shouldn't interfere with a persons right to privacy and decision no matter whether or not they're the same sex. And to tell you the truth its not their fault being gay, their born with it. It a mental thing. Their normal people! I don't get how people can say otherwise.	FAVOR
811	gayRights	"Popular culture has labeled the issue, as has this website, a question of ""should marriage for same-sex couples be legal?""The question can be asked another way, which those for same-sex marriage like to avoid: ""Should we change the definition of marriage?""Marriage as it stands is one of the central cultural institutions in Western Civilization and 3000 years of wisdom as well as countless scientific studies show that a good mother and father are the best situation to raise a child in.  Does this mean other situations can't be good?  No.  It just means other situations are better.Same-sex marriage expands the definition of marriage, and in doing so, states that having two mommies is just as good as a mommy and a daddy.  This denies the inherent differences between men and women and their value to child rearing.If we can redefine marriage, saying we know better than 3000 years of human wisdom because our hearts tell us so, doesn't that mean we can have compassion for any change?"	AGAINST
812	gayRights	I believe people have two fundamental rights relating to this issue:The right to self expression and personal views/ideas.The right to be secure physically and emotionally.If someone gets married -gay or straight-, they are expression their personal ideas. This is their RIGHT in Canada and the United States, at the very least. Marriage is a legal thing between two people, and the only part of it that says it has to be man and a woman lies in religion- which is based on ideas founded centuries ago when women were considered objects anyway, and thus fundamentally flawed and not viable as the final word.If you are telling them that they are not allowed to get married, you are first of all denying them their right to express their ideas by saying it's not allowed, and secondly denying them their emotional security because you're descriminating.FINALLY. What does it matter to you if a gay couple gets married? Is it hurting you? No. Is it denying you the ability to say you don't like it? No. Is it infringing on those two rights for you? No. You can disagree with it, but that doesn't mean you should have the right to say it's not allowed at all!There's no logical reason to say it isn't allowed.	FAVOR
813	gayRights	"By the very statements used to argue against same gender marriages, any heterosexual pair known to be infertile should not be allowed to wed.  Single parents having children of the opposite gender should not be allowed to raise them because they are inherently incapable of teaching the child how to act like a person of that gender.  People who are suspected of being likely to divorce should not be allowed to wed because of the psychological damage it might do to the children.  Very foolish argument.Also, the fact that I am homosexual does not mean I know nothing about having a relationship with a woman.  I fought for decades to live ""in the closet"" and had a very successful relationship until my lady died.  I was not happy, but I concealed it very well.  Then I had my first love relationship natural to me -- one with another man.  I stayed with him, too, until I lost him to a heart attack. I've also raised four children, 2 boys and 1 girl, who have very stable heterosexual relationships and who have all come to me with their mates to discuss problems because they knew I could look at both sides and advise without attacking or being biased.Your reasoning is specious and based upon a total lack of understanding of the capabilities of fully cognizant human beings."	FAVOR
814	gayRights	Meaning that children will start to see it as normal and choose to be gay. How many times I'm a gonna have to tell you this?	AGAINST
815	gayRights	"Reproduction provides a stable foundation for the rearing of children. In American society we see more women having children without a male in the household.  Is this by choice of the woman or by design of the man?  We know (statistically), that children in single-mother households have some of the greatest deficits to overcome.  By ignoring the traditional prescription for men ""do the right thing"" and marry a woman that they make pregnant, we see the licentious self-indulgence that punishes children. Homosexuals do not experience this circumstance and cannot claim marriage as a reason to aid children. Social Learning Theory tells us that adoptive homosexual parents will likely increase the number of children entering a lifestyle that produces significant medical pathologies because of the behavior of the participants.  This would simply be child abuse. "	AGAINST
816	gayRights	George Rawlinson, 1812-1902, in History of Phoenicia, written in 1889, describes Molech as a god worshiped by the Canaanites and Phoenicians. Here is Rawlinson's description of shrine prostitutes.    Ã’At the head of the Pantheon stood a god and a goddess, Baal (Molech) and Ashtoreth... As Baal was the embodiment of the generative principle in nature, so was Ashtoreth of the receptive and productive principle. She was the great nature goddess, the Magna Mater, regent of the stars, queen of heaven, giver of life, and source of woman's fecundity...    [Canaanite religion was notable for] the prevalence of licentious orgies [involving shrine prostitutes] and of human sacrifice... Early rabbis describe the image of Moloch as a human figure with a bull's head and outstretched arms; and the account which they give is confirmed by what Diodorus relates of the Carthaginian Kronos...    Ã’Ã”In the worship of Astarte [Ashtoreth, the ancient Canaanite fertility goddess]    prostitution of women, and of effeminate men [shrine prostitutes], played the same part that child murder did in the worship of Baal...        [Pagan worshipers believed] no service more acceptable could be rendered a deity than that of unchastity... Thus lust itself became a service of the gods...Ã•        One fruit of this system was the extraordinary institution of the Galli. [Rawlinson equates the Galli [shrine prostitutes] with the KJVÃ•s Ã”sodomitesÃ• - the Ã”qedeshaÃ• of the Hebrew text.]        The Galli were men, who made themselves as much like women as they could, and offered themselves for purposes of unnatural lust [unnatural in the sense of not procreative] to either sex [shrine prostitutes]. Their existence may be traced in Israel and Judah, [I Kings 14:24, 15:12] as well as in Syria and PhÃnicia.        At great festivals, under the influence of strong excitement, amid the din of flutes and drums and wild songs, a number of the male devotees would snatch up swords or knives, which lay ready for the purpose, throw off their garments, and coming forward with a loud shout, proceed to castrate themselves openly...        They joined with the priests and the sacred women at festival times in frenzied dances and other wild orgies, shouting, and cutting themselves [much like the prophets of Baal in I Kings 18:19, 28] on the arms, and submitting to be flogged one by another...Ã“        (from George Rawlinson, History of Phoenicia, 1889, Chapter XI.)        	FAVOR
817	gayRights	"Homosexuality is a natural phenomenon: people are born and some are gay. Nothing has been ""tinkered with"". As proof that it's not a ""social invention"", we can observe other members of the animal kingdom who also have the incidence of homosexuality within their populations. See: and the links therein.It can't conceivably be condemned as ""unnatural"" when it's natural. Add to that the fact that even if it was a social construction, that alone wouldn't make it bad."	FAVOR
818	gayRights	WE DONT HAVE THE SAME GENES AS FISH, WERE NOT FISH AND WE DONT RESEMBLE FISH. SO what if a fish grows up homosexual, doesn't mean a child will.	AGAINST
819	gayRights	The whole purpose of the Constitution is to put limits on what can be accomplished by the will of a majority at any given time.   Any democratic government will go through periods where a majority of its citizens get upset about something and there is a call to take action because of the mood of the moment.  We need the constitution to protect us from our worst instincts at such times.    To use the Constitution to enact permanent prejudice and take away people's rights because of prejudice against them is wrong.	FAVOR
820	gayRights	I did way more than ridicule.See my post on the other side.And you and jake seemed to miss the fact that, I wasn't ridiculing the fact that jake is gay. That's fine. I was ridiculing his ridiculous response, which proved him to be gay.See what I'm saying?Next, you don't know anyone who decided to be gay. You know people who were born gay, but who were told by society they weren't gay and gay is bad, so were in conflict for a large part of their lives until they realized they had been gay the whole time... like Jake :)	FAVOR
821	gayRights	This is a brilliant statement, and I have to agree with you on this.I'm straight and currently have no defined religion (only one born of personal beliefs that has no name) but I don't see the problem with same sex marriage. For this, I use the same philosophy as in every part of my life: If what someone is doing doesn't hurt anyone else, they can keep doing it. Gay marriage isn't exactly killing anyone, people should put their effort into issues that actually matter instead of denying happy couples their right to be legally married.	FAVOR
822	gayRights	Man this debate is active again? Jeez come on guys. Gays should have the right to do as any hetero couple. If it's been proven that people dont have a choice at birth are we gonna go back to the mindset of the 40s ? Black people cant help being black gay people cant help being gay. I'm 17 and most of the people debating on this debate have far more years of experiance in the world but cannot seem to see past this? Grow up.	FAVOR
823	gayRights	"I'm typing on my phone so I'll only adress one issue: Massachusetts and the   catholic     adoption   issue.The ability of the court to overturn the so called ""will of the people"" is necessary for the protection of the minority from the ""tyranny of the majority."" To even demean the courts for overruling laws ""against the will of the people"" is truly representative of a   conservative  's desire to have pure democacy... Which is how communism AND fascism come into   power  (all you need to do is convince the majority that you are right and it won't matter what the minority says). Please don't insult our legal system just because you disagree with the outcome of a particular case. As for why the catholic adoption agencies being forced to accept   gay   couples is because of the 14th ammendment(equal protection) to our   constitution  . The   children   in orphanages can't choose to transfer to ""pro-gay"" adoption agency and are therefore denied rights that are granted to other orphans. It's really very simple: it's about protecting children from illegal   discrimination   and giving the children equal access to adoptive   parents  ! "	FAVOR
824	gayRights	I have re-read the passages in Leviticus with Rick's interpretation in mind that this was solely about types of sex that happened at the shrine - with the notion that perhaps God is not addressing sexual relations that happen within a monogamus loving relationship. What's interesting to me is that Lev 18 lists all kinds of prohibitions: no sex with your relatives; no sex with your neighbor, no sex with someone of the same gender; but it doesn't prohibit sex with your heterosexual spouse. It seems to me that if we were to discount what Lev 18 says on the basis that it was God prohibiting any kind of idolatrous sex ritual, we would see the inclusion of sex with your heterosexual spouse.It seems to me that God is giving instruction for a broader context.	AGAINST
825	gayRights	"Historically, marriage has meant a union between a man and a woman. If it has ever meant anything other than that, then I would like to see that proof.When racists said that a black person could not marry a white person, they lost in the courts because the historical definition has been ""a union between a man and a woman"" not ""a union between a man and a woman of the same race.""Racists did not try to claim ownership of the word. The racists tried to change the definition of the word and lost. As they should have.Now a new group wants to change the definition of the word once again and they should lose that battle but they should win the battle to get their rights."	FAVOR
826	gayRights	Call it bisexual or call it moving on from   homosexuality  .  That is why I said sex is plastic.  I will check up on Bonobo social bonding etc... but if the core data is from other primate studies....I really doubt it then, but I should not be bias until I see it.    Of course, not all physiological/morphological expressions can be attributed to one gene (1:1)--there are secondary, tertiary etc... levels of gene interactions and not to forget the myriad levels of hormones/steroids (endocrine/exocrine).My concern is to come across, with   science  , that there is no more room for argument and discussion, because science has not provided the proof in the pudding either way on this issue.  Not that you have done this yest, just my general concern.  Science can and is shedding light but there is a large difference between normative and descriptive.  Humans cannot live on science alone (normative) but must hold on to all the arts (which also reveal/has truth).	AGAINST
827	gayRights	"The fact that there may or may not be negative consequences for a certain action or belief is not a good guideline to determine whether a person is choosing to do them.  ""Why would so many of us make this ""choice"" if we didn't have to?""Extemporaneously I can answer this quite easily.  The lack of knowledge of a choice does not preclude the possibility of a choice.  Furthermore, it does not follow logically that if someone makes a choice that he or she understands the potential consequences sufficiently so as to dissuade his or her mind from making that choice.  Finally, just because a choice may carry with it negative consequences does not mean he or she will choose against it.  Quite obviously, many people make choices which harm themselves (if you consider   homosexuality   and its consequences as Ã’harmfulÃ“, which apparently you do) all of the time.  Take the monk whose self-immolation is quite famous.  He made a choice to set himself on fireÃ‰ Under your line of reasoning, no one would ever smoke, do   drugs  , wear high-heelsÃ‰ etc.  Facts and common observation disagree with your method of reasoning.     %C3%ADch_Qu%E1%BA%A3ng_%C4%90%E1%BB%A9c"	AGAINST
828	gayRights	You know that is all conjecture.  I don't even think it is a reasonable hypothesis to compare it to a protective gene that causes sickle cell anemia.  All subjective opinion. We only know that   homosexuality   exist in humans, we know that sexual drive is plastic, we know that people can abstain from sex (hetero or homo) or even change from one to the other.  We do not have any conclusive genetic studies.  We do have a lot of environmental/psychological studies, which shows some correlation.  I am open to any rigorous data.God bless  	AGAINST
829	gayRights	"Non-procreation between gays is good for an overpopulated world The inability of gays to procreate should not be seen as a problem and prohibitive factor in their getting married. Rather, this is a good thing in an over-populated world."	FAVOR
830	gayRights	"Would you have said this in 1967 prior to Loving v. Virginia?""Interracial marriage hurts everyone.The phrase ""interracial marriage"" is an attack on language, and hurts everyone, as all people use language.The phrase ""interracial marriage"" is itself an attack on the traditional meaning of the word ""marriage"". The lack of a clear and agreed definition of a word makes it impossible for people to have a reasonable debate on the subject pertaining to that word.Indeed by confusing the meaning of the word ""marriage"", it makes it impossible for people to rationally discuss it.A new word or phrase should be chosen so as not to do harm to the existing meaning of words, while at the same time recognizing the essential characteristics of what is to be described by the word or phrase.The new practice of what may be called a ""heteroracial union"" is new, because it carries with it recognition under the law, which is unprecedented. But separate from whatever legal definitions may be ascribed to it, the failure to adequately name the practice does harm to the established language and its meaning.In particular, the practice of calling this ""interracial marriage"" does harm both to the word ""interracial"", and to the word ""marriage"", both of which have established meanings in language, and are widely used. Indeed the word ""marriage"" has no synonym which can be used in its place, unlike the word ""interracial"" which can be replaced in usage by the word ""miscegenation""; So the destruction or redefinition of the word ""marriage"" is hurtful to the language in a way that can not be easily mended.It is precisely the confusion over the definition of the words which has caused so much apparent disagreement which could have been avoided with adequate clarity and agreement over the definitions of the words which they are arguing over.In conclusion, the phrase ""interracial marriage"" hurts users of language by confusing the established meaning of words, making rational discussion impossible. The phrase ""interracial marriage"" is describing something new in that it claims legal status. Therefore, one should pick another set of words that do not harm the established meaning of words in use. In particular, the word ""marriage"" has an established meaning, and cannot be easily replaced. The phrase should instead be ""heteroracial union"" or some other phrase that recognizes the nature of the relationship, while at the same time not doing harm to the long established meaning of the word ""marriage"". Finally, by unequivocating the meaning of the words used, much unnecessary disagreement and wasted debate could be avoided.""There is a difference between harm and progress."	FAVOR
831	gayRights	"""Gay marriage destroys marriage and traditional values, and that's why it's a great thing.""this is why the prop 8 passed. on the one hand. . .you all want the white picket fenceon the other. . .it sucks and we are freakin' stupid for buying into it. so why do you want that which you claim to hate?as a married woman with children I have been called a breeder on various women forums. and the concept that children are merely excessive consumerism run amok that they hate seeing in their daily life. this idea was put forth many times by women who thought my being married, to a man no less was pretty much the same as me tattooing slave on my forehead.I accept you for who you are. why do you want to be me? and if you want to be me why the disdain for my choices?"	AGAINST
832	gayRights	Hahahaha. RRRRAAAAAAAAAGGGGGEEEE!!!!Have you ever thought you might be gay?	FAVOR
833	gayRights	The argument you are making would have applied to interracial marriage when it was illegal, so acknowledge that you would have been against interracial marriage when it was illegal or admit your hypocrisy.	FAVOR
834	gayRights	"1. My point was that the word ""intent"" implies intelligence.2. Irrelevant. The point is not that gay adoption is good, the point is that it's not bad and therefore ok.3. Heh, I know. I just thought I'd throw that out there to see how you'd react. You strike me as too intelligent a person to restrict yourself to an outlook based on nothing but blind faith."	FAVOR
835	gayRights	"Only people who believe in the Christian ""God"" are moral, is what you're saying....The Catholic church recognizes that homosexuality is not a sin... it is only a sin to act out the homosexuality...ness.  If you say you believe in ""God"", and then call what ""God"" made imperfect, don't you think that's defeating the purpose?  Who the crap are you to know better than ""God"" how a person is supposed to be made?  If that person was made by ""God"" then it was ""God"" who created that sinful cocktail mix of chemicals that dictates to that person whom he or she will be sexually attracted to.  That would make the act of ""God"" a sinful act...  which, if you believe in ""God""... you know can't happen.So, by you saying that homosexuality is a sin, you're completely destroying the very ""God"" you claim to believe in.  Which doesn't sound very reasonable to me.  Especially since you're the one who believes in him.Last, but not least,  that wasn't a case of ""begging the question""."	FAVOR
836	gayRights	If homosexuality is unnatural, then surely its behaviour would not be found in humans across the globe; but it is--even in cultures where acting it out is punishable by death. If homosexuality were a construct,  it wouldn't exist in the non-human world , but it does.The forced ideal that homosexuality is 'wrong', is a judgment call.  Living one's life the way that they see fit is not wrong, it simply is.  It's like telling a cat to stop eating meat.  You can do it and get upset, but they'll still catch a bird. America's resistance to sex and sexuality only perturb it and make it dysfunctional.  Judge not.  It isn't your place to tell others how to live their life.	FAVOR
837	gayRights	No, if you take it literally, its basically saying men lie with a woman by sodomy.	AGAINST
838	gayRights	Well, this country is quite open and tolerant. We have seen during the last 4 weeks how intolerant the gay activits and been to the point of anarchy, retaliation, retribution, revenge, mocking and ridiculing their opponents in the most viscious wayIntolerance and imposing someone's own belief by silencing others through fear is for the gay community to deal with. I will never forget what I saw with my own eyes.The experiences are marked deeply in my soul. I do not expect that it is the end of it but now my eyes are open and I am drawing the line for the protection of my family. People can do what they want with their own life but they cant steal or hijack the core values of millions of people behind their back using some judgeocracy process and start a rampage if they do not get their way.The debate is at the very different level now. Many people feel under assault by a ruthless mob and hopefuly will not take it anymore. I know I am not.Sorry to be direct. 	AGAINST
839	gayRights	"""It is irrelevant for equal protection review of statute that voters rather than a legislative body enacted the statute.  Lee v. State of Or., D.Or.1995"" U.S.C.A. Amend 14, Vol. 8It doesn't matter who puts the laws in place.  If the law violates Equal Protection Clause, it's unconstitutional.  End of story."	FAVOR
840	gayRights	"Actually, there is a scientifically high probability that homosexuality contributes positively to the well-being of the species.  Typically, genetic traits which lead to reproductive success are the most strongly and consistently represented traits in a population.  After all, if you have a gene which makes you reproductively successful, you are likely to reproduce more and therefore your trait will continue strongly into the next and subsequent generations.And yet, there is good evidence that a small but fairly consistent percentage of the population has been homosexual throughout recorded history.  Since a ""gay gene"" would tend to detract from reproductive success (yes, you can snicker now :) ), why would such a gene be selected for?  The fact that we are beginning to discover that there is not one singular ""gay gene,"" but rather most likely a complex interaction of genes (and probably some factors from the intrauterine environment, as well) which cause an individual to be same-gender-oriented, suggests that some of those genes may also be beneficial to the species in other ways, perhaps providing protection from disease or other reproductively-desirable traits.  Think of the gene which causes Sickle-cell Anemia.  This gene is recessive, and will not cause disease if it is inherited from only one parent.  If inherited from both parents, the offspring manifests the disease, which can be deadly.  This gene is nearly non-existent in much of the world's population, because its tendency to reduce life-expectancy means that it does not give a reproductive advantage under normal circumstances, and therefore self-extinguishes after a number of generations.However, in areas of the world where Malaria is common, like Africa, this gene provides a distinct reproductive advantage, in that someone who is a carrier of the gene (has the recessive from one parent but not from the other) is given some degree of immunity to Malaria, and therefore has a reproductive advantage over someone with no Sickle-cell gene at all.  Therefore, in African populations, there is a high occurrence of Sickle-cell Anemia, because more carriers are at a reproductive advantage over non-carriers.The same is likely true with some or all of the genes which influence sexual orientation.  While Uncle Bill may get the full set and find that he is attracted to other men, Aunt Jane may only receive a partial set of the genes and actually be more fertile than other women, or produce offspring which are smarter, more attractive or otherwise have a survival and/or reproductive advantage.  Those offspring will also be carriers of some or all of the set of genes which increase the probability of becoming same-gender-oriented.  Some of them may marry spouses who carry some of the complement of genes, and may, themselves, produce one or more gay offspring.It really does make sense from an evolutionary perspective."	FAVOR
841	gayRights	Does the author or anyone else know which peer-reviewed studies in particular are being referenced as proof of his assertion?	FAVOR
842	gayRights	"sorry, but ""politics"" deserves to be in this discussion as the gay marriage debate is political.  and the conservative side of things knows if and when the gay gene is found, their argument is lost.i don't care if he's celibate or not.  I was chastising him for claiming to be an expert. What are his credentials for being an ""expert?""  Just because he's ""gone straight"" makes him an expert?  Please.And let me guess, you probably thought Rosa Parks should have given up her seat on that bus, eh?  All those civil rights leaders heard the same thing...""shut up, you're doing more harm than good by alienating all the white people.""  Revolution occurs when people revolt.  Sitting around and talking nice won't advance the cause.  Your attitude on this is exactly the same stance that Strom Thurmond, Jesse Helms and all the other bigots took back in the '60s.  "	FAVOR
843	gayRights	"NO! You're making an assumption as to why people are opposed to same sex marriage! Show me the data proving that ""people are just willfully denying this fact because it doesn't fit into their world view."" This is part of the problem. People are going off half cocked making assumption all over the place..... and they are not even constructive assumptions. If the other side doesn't agree with you, just malign them and call them names. The assumption is that there's one reason and only one reason why the religious right is against same sex marriage; they're bigots. Come on, you're smarter than that! The world is not black and white. There are shades in between. That's me and whole lot of other people."	AGAINST
844	gayRights	"""You ignore a moutain of evidence that could save some   children   so a few can say what....they have a   marriage   which is as you say no different than civil union.""That is a mountain of evidence that you have yet to provide."	FAVOR
845	gayRights	Don't be such a sourpuss.......................................	AGAINST
846	gayRights	I work as a volunteer at Catholic Adoption Services.  They have not been fined, their operations have not been challenged, and the courts specific ally stated in their decision that no religious organization could be required to act against the mandates of their faith.  Of course, if they refuse to allow otherwise qualified same sex couples to be represented, they may lose their tax exzempt status, but that would require another court ruling.  Please make sure the blogs you go to are reporting factually before you quote them.	FAVOR
847	gayRights	But you are operating under a simplistic view of evolution for your argument. You even seemed to show your ignorance of the difference between a mechanism for evolution(natural selection) and the theory of evolution itself. We're not entirely certain if or how natural selection works on humans. Being sentient beings seems to mess with the dynamic a bit.	FAVOR
848	gayRights	"I don't see anywhere in my comment where I said I haven't sinned, if that's what you mean.  But an interesting side point is  that I ""don't"" eat shellfish, but for other reasons.  If you're trying to say that the old testiment is mute, that fails, as I believe the 10 commandments are in there? Something about not murdering and the like...I think that would still be in effect."	AGAINST
849	gayRights	it would upset me	AGAINST
850	gayRights	"I see ""verified"" expert listed for the Exodus commentator.  In what way, shape or form is this person ""verified?""  As a religious commentator, maybe, but as a sexuality expert?  Please.  It's more drivel from the repugnant religious right.Perhaps you should consider that God put gay people on this earth to teach you people a lesson in acceptance.  You're failing miserably on that.And, tell us EXACTLY what Jesus said about homosexuality?  Oh, that's right, not one word.Quit citing verses from Leviticus unless you're prepared to admonish all the other topics that qualifies as sin from the Old Testament.  You shouldn't talk the talk, as you can't walk the walk.Finally, sexual orientation is set at birth or in utero.  No, the gay gene hasn't been discovered, but they have discovered the transexual gene.      /Too bad it didn't make into the main-stream right-wing media.  It's only time before the gay gene is discovered.  Sadly, you and your ilk will never believe it, much like you try to discredit   evolution   as ""only a theory.""  "	FAVOR
851	gayRights	How about we list a couple other things the Bible bans:-Leviticus 19:27 - Shaving-Ephesians 5:4 - Cursing-Leviticus 19:16 - Gossip-Leviticus 11:10 - Eating Lobster-Leviticus 11:17 - Eating Pork-Leviticus 19:19 - Cotton/Polyester Blends-Leviticus 15:19-20 - Associating with women who on their periods So now tell me why these shouldn't also be illegal?By making laws based on Bible quotes you are forcing your religion on others.By picking and choosing which Bible quotes to enforce you are being hypociritical.	FAVOR
852	gayRights	"The progenitors give up their authority to the child the second they give it up for adoption. I'm sorry to say that your conclusion is flawed in that regard.If you are not willing to or cannot take responsibility for maintaining a child and ""give"" it up for adoption, you lose all rights to that child. Hence the term ""give him/her up for adoption"". You must also note that the acceptance by society makes it an institution.I must lastly note that most of your first paragraph has no psychological validity in the nature of homosexuality."	FAVOR
853	gayRights	First of all, people see what they want to see.  Personally I have seen many polls on the gay marriage issue and the majority of those I've seen indicate that most Americans are in favor of some kind of gay marriage whether it be called a marriage or a civil union.  This article is clearly biased toward only those poll results that are favorable to the FRC's side of the argument.  The accuracy of polls is always unsure and I highly question the results of some of the polls listed in this argument.  Second, whether or not most people agree with banning same sex marriage or not is essentially irrelevant.  Majority does not necessarily rule in this country.  The majority at one point thought that slavery was acceptable but that does not make it any more justifiable.  Prejudice is prejudice regardless of how many people you get to back it up.	FAVOR
854	gayRights	"People don't have 'rights' as members of a group, but as individuals in society. Marriage is not defined anywhere in the constitution, so the government should not prevent any kind of ""marriage"" from occuring... I wrote some more at the link below, would be happy to respond there as well as here."	AGAINST
855	gayRights	"I see now that you are on the ""No"" side of this issue, and apologize if I was hasty in assuming that you were challenging the validity of the data.  There is research being done constantly, and there may be more recent studies.  I don't think, though, that they have any significant argument with the existing material I linked."	FAVOR
856	gayRights	"Seems to me that the bible has a few verses that support homosexual relationships:In Samuel 20:41, Jonathan and David kiss each other. When Jonathan dies in battle, David conveys his love for Jonathan when he says, in 2 Samuel 1:26: Ã’I grieve for you, Jonathan my brother! Most dear have you been to me; your love more wonderful to me surpassing the love of women.Ã“ (copied/pasted from an article by Irene Morgan)Does it boil down to how one interprets the book?It seems to me God deliberately made homosexuality; perhaps as a way to teach people love and acceptance for all.  It's too bad the vast majority of ""christians"" are failing badly, and most seem to want to ""judge not lest thee be judged.""  Shame on the bigots."	FAVOR
857	gayRights	"I had a friend that got into an argument with some guy and she had quite a silver tongue (if you know what I mean) and he was loosing so he called her a stupid Jap. So she got up close to his face and said, ""I'm not a Jap! I'm a chinc! So get it right!"" I laughed ;)I've been called spic, beaner, you name it. And I just smile cause I'm like, ""How old are you again?"" I don't know, I just think that you should just ignore ignorant people and be able to laugh at yourself. Life is too short to spend most of it being serious. I rather spend most of it laughing. The best way to go would probably be at a family gathering at the dinner table. Someone says something funny and I choke to death laughing. Then when they get together again and retell the story, they wont be able to cry because they'll remember the funny line and then they would be like, ""Yeah, that was so funny beer came out my nose and then Joe freaking keeled over HAHAHAHA!"""	FAVOR
858	gayRights	None taken, your tactic of ignoring those that offer reasonable counter-arguments rather obvious at this point.	FAVOR
859	gayRights	I'll search for the links to the findings and get back to you. This began several years ago when they began doing full autopsies on HIV/AIDS patients that had succumbed to the disease via cancer, pneumonia and a host of other diseases. It was the first time anyone in the medical field was alerted to that phenomenon. It's both a shame and a blessing that they were able to recognize this for the first time. In the very beginning it was only on men since they were dying in astounding numbers. I'll find as many links as I can and get them to you Kirstie.	FAVOR
860	gayRights	"""Children should be in homes where they have some chance to grow up normal.""Yes they should, and evidence suggests that   children   raised by homosexuals are no worse off the those raised by heterosexuals.  Further, as I stated above, a child adopted by a homosexual couple is already one that will not have a 'traditional' upbringing.""Your lame rap about how it should be okay because other people who aren't gay screw up children's lives is disgusting""I'm not sure where you are getting this.  All evidence shows that homosexual couples are as caring and supportive as heterosexual couples.""Two wrongs don't make a right.""Quite true... a child denied the family that that were born into is further wronged by being denied a loving home just because the couple is homosexual."	FAVOR
861	gayRights	"Allowing   same-sex marriage   does not respect the   freedom of religion  . In European countries that have legalized same-sex marriages, pastors are being arrested and jailed for refusing to marry same-sex marriages. Already in this country, a Christian photographer was fined for not accepting a job photographing a same-sex ""marriage"" ceremony. I would be long before I, as a pastor, must face a tribunal for my refusal to officiate a same-sex cerermony."	AGAINST
862	gayRights	Hi LM...Yes, please do because I certainly cannot relate homosexuals who adopt to coveting anything I can think of.	FAVOR
863	gayRights	if children are among children they will be mocked...you have a single parent (mocked)you're too tall (mocked)you're too short (mocked)and on and on.	FAVOR
864	gayRights	Of course they should. What justification is there for recognising one couple's commitment to each other and not another couple's, when they are committed to the same values? Doesn't denying them the same benefits as mixed sex couples constitute a form of sexual descrimination?	FAVOR
865	gayRights	    	AGAINST
866	gayRights	"But the 14th was not ""The Equal Rights Amendment""... that is the name for the amendment proposed in 1923."	FAVOR
867	gayRights	"The institution of marriage is centered around reproduction, disqualifying homosexuals - Marriage laws are designed in recognition of a unique biological phenomenon. They do not create marriages so much as apply appropriate legal sanctions and privileges to the inherent responsibilities and needs where a man and a woman have or will likely reproduce sexually. Marriage was a means to solidifying and stabilizing families so that reproduction and child-rearing would be more succesful. This is why adoption laws are kept separate - the biological realities are different. So also it is bad jurisprudence to lump pairs of people that are not going to conceive a child together (via a mixing of their DNA) in with those who will. For those morbid people that lay awake at night wondering how they will get into an emergency room with their lovers I suggest a chat with hospital administrators to find out what you can do to ensure access, or maybe switch hospitals. But don't muddy the legal waters by confusing lovers or best friends with those who conceive together. You do realize that best friends are denied access on the same terms as gay lovers and it can be just as disappointing."	AGAINST
868	gayRights	"Define a ""  gay   trait""."	FAVOR
869	gayRights	"no apology to you, sorry.  to even suggest there's a gay ""lifestyle"" does show how naive you are.  if you would have phrased it gay ""orientation"" then you'd be correct.  by using ""lifestyle"" you're assuming people CHOOSE to be gay.  No gay person I know feels they had any choice in the matter.  You need to apologize to every gay person for making such a false assumption."	FAVOR
870	gayRights	"""Don't ask don't tell"" insults gays already in military.C. Dixon Osburn, who heads the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network, a gay advocacy group in Washington, said in March of 2007, ""General Pace1s comments are outrageous, insensitive and disrespectful to the 65,000 lesbian and gay troops now serving in our armed forces. Our men and women in uniform make tremendous sacrifices for our country, and deserve General Pace's praise, not his condemnation."""	FAVOR
871	gayRights	i just wanted to add this, butsince aids comes from monkies....im pretty sure gay people didnt spread the first strain through humanity. i would venture to guess, that some straight guy out in the jungle on some expedition thing, got really horny and fucked a monkey. a gay guy, would just go have sex with the other gay guys there. and, they tend to be cleaner and pickier, so i dont think they would go for a monkey....0.0(yes, an immature thing to say, but hey, alot of the people here are already saying stupid crap, i thought id add this too)	FAVOR
872	gayRights	Yes.Here's why: there's this one quote in the movie 'What happens in Vegas' that I effin admire... the judge declares that it's not gays that ruin marriage, but people that go to Vegas (or a place similar to it, or no where really) and get married on impulse, and then go on and get divorces... therefore, treating marriage like a bit, fat, joke.Seriously, marriages should be banned in places like Vegas, places loaded with alcohol and immature behavior, banned for people that have known each other, perhaps, for less than a year, people that treat marriage like a piece of shit. At LEAST gays are fighting for the goddamn thing out of respect, integrity, and love. So, yes, gays should have the right to marry because they're more serious about it than the common straight couple is. I don't care what's in between someone's fucking legs, it's the motives, desire, commitment and love that counts.	FAVOR
873	gayRights	"Turning to the Bible as a guide to determine whether homosexual behavior is viewed as sin, there can be no denial that there are some ten or more biblical texts which clearly reference homosexual practices or behavior in one form or another in the combined Old and New testaments.  Further, there also should be no denial that every one of these texts describes homosexuality in a negative light, as unacceptable to the people who believed they understood the mind and will of their God. People who lived across many centuries and cultures!	As Christians for whom ""sola scriptura"" is important, we believe we can go to the Bible for guidance and counsel. We have believed it is a reliable and inspired source for truth, assistance and direction. When we do, we find ourselves in the company of many who are engaged in an intense scrutiny of these ten scripture passages in the Old and New Testaments which focus on this issue. Both traditional biblical interpreters and so-called revisionist biblical interpreters have engaged in extensive analysis of these passages to find evidence, which supports their respective positions. 	Unfortunately the scriptural debate about homosexuality often only focuses on these ten passages and their historical, cultural meanings. In doing so, it neglects the larger worldview which the Bible teaches about holiness, godliness, sin and self-discipline. It misses the forest for the trees. The debate has been often argued from the particular to the general. The Bible is much more than the sum of itÃ•s parts. The Bible is the book of inspired writings which embodies a godly spirit or worldview because it embodies the Spirit of God.  	In the Book of Leviticus (RSV) for instance, there are two passages which have received much attention: Leviticus 18:22 says, ""You shall not lie with a male as with a woman; it is an abomination."" The other is Leviticus 20:13 Ã ""If a man lies with a male as with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination; they shall be put to death, their blood is upon them.""	These prohibitions in Leviticus are representative passages concerning this issue. They are especially useful for grasping the biblical worldview of which these verses are specific examples. I contend that it is this biblical worldview from which we are able to best grasp an accurate perspective about same-sex attraction and sexual behavior. It is a biblical worldview which God asks His followers to adopt. It is His point-of-view which God asks us to adopt. He asks us to get the Spirit of his mind and heart. 	Bible-believing Christians donÃ•t live on the basis of one or two or twenty verses of scripture. We live within a worldview of principles, standards, morals, values and ideals which the Bible teaches from Genesis through Revelation. Taken as a whole, this worldview represents the mind and heart and will of a loving Father God.	This is obvious from the people who come for Sexual Orientation Resolution Therapy (SORT). No one has ever come into therapy saying, ""Hey, you know what, I just read Leviticus 18:22 and I donÃ•t want to be abominable anymore!"" Everyone who has entered resolution therapy or come to our support group, and who has been successful at resolution does so because they understand the Bible generally and have grasped the heart of their Father God. They understand the Word cumulatively as a worldview in which same-sex sexual behavior is unacceptable to God. The biblically faithful SSA Christian client in therapy understands that in the biblical context, a God-view of homosexual behavior is sinful. "	AGAINST
874	gayRights	both of those verses are in the Old Testament... Jesus came and gave His life for us so that we no longer have to live under the old law.  Now we live by Faith in Christ Jesus.Each one of us will give account to Jesus Christ for how we lived our life.   I sure want to make sure that I am on the right side so I read his word to see how HE wants me to live.	AGAINST
875	gayRights	I realize that and a lot of times there is a reason for people marring young and that is only because there is an unexpected pregnancy involved no that doesnÃ•t make it right, but there are also laws on getting married to young.  If we legalized gay marriage in the U.S. then people would think its ok and safe but there are so many negative effects such as STDÃ•S I realize that there are STDÃ•S in other places too but the risk of getting them is a lot higher when being in a gay sexual relationship. And do you really think its possible for someone to be bi-sexual. To me its just a disgusting joke that people are wanting to experiment with. And thatÃ•s wrong.	AGAINST
876	gayRights	Could you please direct me to the research that you use so that I may review it as well?	AGAINST
877	gayRights	"How do you debate a topic that has a different meaning from what is implied?What we're technically supposed to talk about here is ""should gays have the right to marry?"" but I know no one wants to talk about that, since that isn't the hot button issue.Joe would have made a comment that made no sense or would have joked around. While I joke around, this post was not a joke and made perfect sense.It's sad that people criticize it."	FAVOR
878	gayRights	Ok say you are a straight guy and you find you a nice wife and you guys live happy. Okay with gay people it is exactly the same except for it's the same sex. It doesnt matter what sex you are if you are happy you are happy and nobody should have the right to take that away! If two gay people want to finnally tie the knot then it shouldn't be a problem because they are very happy with one another just how straight guys would be with their wives! they should have a right to marry because it's their life that they are living and they should live it how ever they want to live it..... i think we should all accept that we have gays everywhere and killing their happiness so that we can be happy is so wrong...	FAVOR
879	gayRights	" Homosexual spouses can helpfully adopt orphaned children Many children in the United States, let alone the world are orphaned. Same sex spouses frequently adopt children in need of a family. This is highly socially beneficial. A child receives a family and no additional children are added into an over-populated world. And, gay marriage would increase the adoption rate, since many homosexual spouses will want to start a family  just like straight spouses."	FAVOR
880	gayRights	"You can't force anyone to love someone that they don't love. What's the main purpose for marriage? Because you love that person and you want to spend your life with him/her forever. Opposing homosexuality is opposing someone's love for another individual. If a man loves a man but can't marry him because other people basically ""deny their love,"" what could be worse than that?"	FAVOR
881	gayRights	"Alex, thanks for voting ""no"" on prop 8, but as to your personal feelings about which of you - you or your wife - is best suited to answering questions from your children on various topics, this does not constitute valid evidence that children raised by same-gender parents are disadvantaged as opposed to children of opposite-gender parents.  There are many times I refer my children to their other parent to answer certain questions or address particular topics.  There are also many times when she does the same to me.  We each have individual areas of expertise, and individual areas of responsibility within the family.  This is not something unique to heterosexual couples, nor is it necessarily gender-specific.  There are many men (even heterosexual men) who might gravitate towards some ""traditionally feminine"" areas of expertise, and vice versa for women.  Getting hung up on which parent has which sort of genitalia ignores the fact that all of us are different and bring different skills, abilities, perspectives and interests to our relationships and to our parenting.Evidence clearly demonstrates that same-gender-parented kids are equally happy, healthy and well-adjusted as compared to their opposite-gender-parented peers.  Try not to get hung up on the physical appendages or lack thereof, and focus in on the fact that we are all human, all individuals, and all have a great deal to offer our children as parents."	FAVOR
882	gayRights	"The only way the child could get confused is if the parent's were not honest with the child about the situation... Haven't you ever seen ""The Birdcage""?  "	FAVOR
883	gayRights	First: the right to choose one's own partner is a fundamental right. You'd never give up your right to choose your partner, why should anyone else?Second: Same-sex relationships are 100% legal as long as there is consent. A minor is not an adult and therefor cannot give consent. Equating grown men and women to children is just insulting.Third: Well if that isn't the pot calling the kettle black. Please explain how exactly two grown men or women cannot give consent legally like a 13 year old? Also, please explain how refusing the right to marry based on physical gender is any different than refusing the right to marry based on skin color.	FAVOR
884	gayRights	"Paragraph by paragraph all your staements are naive assumptions which are in addition very very unfactual!What say do   kids   born to heterosexual couples have over who their parents are?People dont regret being raised by heterosexual or homosexual parents, people regret being raised by unfit parents, which come in both heterosexual and homosexual packages. Ask a lot of the happy thousands of kids and adults raised by homosexual couples if theyd prefer to have been raised by heterosexual couples and the answer will be different from your assumption.Your parents having divorced when you wree so little is regrettable, but what you really wished for at that age is the idea of a happy loving couple to raise you as you have no idea what the reality of that union would have been. You could have been raised by a bickering always-at-each-other's-throats couple and you would have begged your parents to divorce under those circumstances.  People who give you life in the first place are not guaranteed to build a happy home and living with them in an unhappy home is a huge disadvantage and anythiong else becomes an advantage.a heterosexual loving couple is nomore of an ideal than a homosexual loving couple, this is purely a matter of different strokes for different folks, lets open our minds and thinking a bit here.Some kids and folks are nasty, it does not mean we should ban interracial, huge age gap and homosexual marriages and families as long as both parties involved in the home building and   parenting   are adult and of sound mental   health  .U say ""It is irrefutable that it is only possible to produce   children   through heterosexual means. Millions of years of   evolution   has defined heterosexuality as having the highest advantage for every life form higher than bacteria. In the game of survival of the fittest, that's what works best""...and I say take time to pull out a scientific article or watch a documentary or two on   homosexuality   and parenting in the animal kingdom and you will see that homosexual parenting in the wild is not only happening but is quite widespread in some species and that but same-sex parents in some species have exhibited a higher frequency of raising their young to adulthood as compared to their heterosexual counterparts.        "	FAVOR
885	gayRights	Just parsary look at the answers on the opposition and they make they fabulous and dishonest incorrect responses. Bottom line is, it doesn't matter how untrue what it is they're saying, they will say it anyway and believe nothing else. that's the issue that needs to be addressed. The issues spawns from the socialist elite's Anti-  christian   crusade. scientists are paid to by lobbyists for the liberate the gays crusade.  If you read these reports, one after the other is aimed at confusing and convinceing lay people that there is evidence when there is not. That's the issue that needs addressing, because we have a force looking to deceive people. None of those people have a possitive value in the world. They are the drones of the nazi party. They are brain dead socialist anti-christian army. Truth and logic is not a object to them, only their voracious ego is of substance and their ego supports the Godless elite.   gay   people will regularly talk about thier sexual fasinations.. there's never a time for them not to.they are a lavishish sexually decadent people. if a pedophile were to be the same way, people might say, hey, this is an immoral person.  but the liberal has a false formula in their head. it says 'gay people can never be immoral'.  that's not true at all. These liberals are such shit. you can have  gay person at a childs birthday party discussing how but sexs is fantabulous, and suddenly that's the new moral standard. The sceince has always understood the sexual mind to be based on experience. let's say, nurture and nature. Gay do not fight for equal rights, they fight for especial rights. they're allowed to marry, but they want to   redefine marriage  . Imagine 2 brothers, how want to get 'married', not to have sex or raise a child, but to save   money  . that's not complicated and so much effort has been put forth, but they can't even understand the basic tenets of their argument. thos two brother have the right to get married. but they don't have a right to redefine marriage. that's just a hall mark on the irrational nature of these people. and the fact that they're still here with this faulted contest just shows we have no system of sanity or truth. IT's the elite promoting this idea. sense can't even topple it. It's a faulted idea supported by a mindless near majority. (these controlers are getting old, they want to to get their twists in while they can.' IT is an anti=religious crusade and it's a sexual liberating crusade. They want child sex slaves.. one step at a time. They have and use them already.. they just want   society   to accept the fact. That's what the obscenely wealthy godless people do. fuck you gays, you';re a bunch of freaks. i do have the right to say that, as much as the powerful elite wish to squash it.	FAVOR
886	gayRights	So...Ethical values change,... butYou would say ethical values actually improve...Compared to what?!AHahahahahahahahaha AhahahahahahahahahaFoolDon't try look smart by copying and pasting words and using arguments you demonstratively do not understand.	AGAINST
887	gayRights	I partly agree. I believe they should be able to file   taxes   together and get all the   legal   benefits in theory off married couples. But should not be allowed to wed. In theory, but i think that we shouldn't open the door for any advance of the homosexual   society  , I am completely against it and think that it is evil. But so is a lot of stuff in society. 	AGAINST
888	gayRights	" Gays in the military undermine privacy and modesty rights Robert Maginnis. ""Gays in the Military Debate"". Human Events. October 4, 2007 - ""If we respect womenÃ•s need for privacy from men, then we ought to respect the same need on the part of heterosexuals with regard to homosexuals. Protecting privacy in a military with open homosexuality would necessitate recognizing essentially four sexes and would severely disrupt units."""	AGAINST
889	gayRights	Thanks! You don't have to go too crazy and take up too much of your time, it is just that I was really curious as to what science has been done on this topic.	FAVOR
890	gayRights	Easy. It hurts homophobes and their fragile world view.=)	AGAINST
891	gayRights	What if the couple breaks up who'll get custody? How will they determine who is the better parent? How will the adoption agency approve the couple? Don't they say they should get married!!!!!!!!!	AGAINST
892	gayRights	What do you mean by statistically? Are you saying there's statistical evidence? Did you misconstrue my argument? I said if you're able to get pregnant by accident, you're more likely to raise a child you do not want. If you adopt, you're more likely to actually want the child. How many adopted children do you know who resented being adopted? For me, zero. I think your whole argument is on very shaky ground.	FAVOR
893	gayRights	The trait could be passed on if it only manifests in a small percent of the organisms carrying the trait. If there's a gene that randomly causes homosexuality in 10% of it's carriers, and it turns out that homosexuality is a benefit to the population as a whole, then evolution applies. Like the video says, looking at evolution on an individual scale is like looking at one pixel on your monitor. You have to look at the whole thing to get the full picture. An occasional hormonal imbalance leading to homosexuality could be seen as an evolved trait.	FAVOR
894	gayRights	ppl serisouly waste way too much time on issues like this when there are bigger things going on in the world. its so tireing listening to this argument. BOTTOM LINE....why does it matter?!?!? i am a straight female...i love my boyfriend...and i do not care if 2 women or 2 men are in love and want to be married. you cannot stop it...if they are in love and want to be together for the rest of their lives...they will!whats the big deal with making it official by allowing marrige??? who cares!!! i get that religious ppl go by what the bible says....but would you really care if you didnt have your religion to back it up??? its fine that ppl have their beliefs....i respect that. but this issue to me seems like it shouldne even be an issue. times have changed...and ppl continue to change as well.i have relatives along with friends who are gay. and guess what...their just as normal as everyone else i know. i dont see the big deal. ppl feel what they feel and they shouldnt be belittled bc of it	FAVOR
895	gayRights	OK, that made me lol. One up vote. ;)	FAVOR
896	gayRights	"Andrew, how old are you and what could you know about what can ""screw up a kid?"" I'll need some back-up on your blanket statement which makes little sense to those who are a bit older and more well versed."	FAVOR
897	gayRights	"Now, though the pure, clean cut definition of marriage may say that the state or government recognizes their union (which I see no faults with), actual marriage ceremonies are performed for enjoyment and religious sake, in order for their religion to recognize their union. So, is marriage a secular thing? Yes, if the individuals wish to have it be solely the state that recognizes them. I feel that we are arguing for roughly the same thing. I am not saying that the state should not recognize them, and I am not saying that the Hindu faith shouldn't as well. I am saying that if a group does not wish to recognize them, already firmly holds the belief that their act is ""wrong"", it is violating their [the religion's] rights to force recognition. ""To clarify, same-sex couples do not and should not request religious institutions to sanction their marriages. They are and should be appealing to the government to sanction their marriages.""Not fully true. If a same sex couple wishes to have a religious ceremony, then they have every right to do so, if the religion is not being forced to change due to their [individual's] beliefs.""Nobody is arguing about whether or not churches should sanction same-sex marriages.""The topic header chose to generalize marriage and not to restrict this argument. I felt that it was fair for me to argue it.I hope that might better clarify my point and argument and nullify some ""Wrong. Wrong, you're already wrong"" comments. "	AGAINST
898	gayRights	It is unclear to me your intentions for citing the love between Jonathan and David.  I've read these interactions many times in many translations and I've yet to see anything that displays a committed homosexual relationship.  I can see how it is easily misunderstood.  Differentiating between philia and eros is critical.  I see philia quite readily throughout the   bible   betwee two men or two   women  , I have yet to see eros between two men celebrated in the bible.  	AGAINST
899	gayRights	The only social experiment that we are doing that is undermining families in this country is economic. We have reduced wages in this country to the point that one person cannot support a household anymore leaving kids to fend for themselves or at daycare most of the time. We have increased class sizes to unmanageable levels because we canÃ•t  afford (or donÃ•t want to) to pay teachers and when we do notice problems with our children getting help is next to impossible unless you have thousands of dollars you can part with to pay for it.Most of us ignore reality thinking we know what a typical family looks like or is suppose to look like. We ignore what our children are really doing when they are out of our sight and refuse to take responsibility when they donÃ•t turn out the way we think they should.  There is always someone or something else to blame, TV, video games, drugs, how about we blame ourselves for a change.Why is it that all of these arguments concerning gays, marriage, and parenthood are always waged by religious organizations? Why if there was any legitimacy at all to any of this we donÃ•t have secular agreement. I respect the right of every individual to believe what they want but donÃ•t state your superstition as fact.	FAVOR
900	gayRights	Marraige is the union between a MAN and a WOMAN.  If it is not between two DIFFERENT sexes, then it is not Marraige.  Civilly Unionized is the word they must use... unless they decide to take the initive to create a new word.  Either way, Marraige is not between a man and a man or a woman and a woman.	AGAINST
901	gayRights	Within my varied circle of friends is a lesbian couple in their early 50s who have been together for 30 years. They live in inner-suburban Sydney, Australia, where pretty much, no-one cares about the gender(s) of a couple. They are happy, stable and affluent thanks to years of hard work and long, steady careers.They have a son who has just finished high school. One of his parents is his birth mother; the other is related through the sperm of the father.Their son is a handsome, good-natured, polite, clever and amiable boy with a bright future because in a free, open society like Australia, no church overwhelms the moral judgments of the population, and he is at no disadvantage.In the US the problem is not the gender of the couple; it is the society around them that disadvantages the children. Unfortunately this kind of issue is always a numbers thing. The law moves slowly behind society - but when does any law on a moral issue precede the need or want of the population? So there has to be a critical mass of people demanding legal recognition: the pioneers. These pioneers have managed very well to raise children despite the lack of societal and legal support in the US.It has always struck me as strange that a country who is so consumed by the supposed welfare of these children is only now beginning to look at a system of universal health care that many other developed countries (e.g. UK, Sweden, Australia, Canada, France) have had for decades. Certainly there would be more harm done to US children whose families are damaged or compromised by the burden of inferior public health care or unethical insurers than anything affecting children of gay couples. The US moral masses should get their priorities right.By the way, Australia has just formally identified dozens of ways in which our current laws disadvantage gay people. Right now, these are in the process of being rewritten. It's a wonderful thing for our society. I look forward to the day when everyone is equal at law and our community is comprised of many different types of people, all contributing their diversity to a rich and elevated way of living. In Australia, it will come. In the US... well, I can't see it happening any time soon.	FAVOR
902	gayRights	The exessive divorce rate degrades the principal of marriage much more than two same-sex persons making (and keeping!) a commitment to each other. Every day it seems I am bombarded by a co-worker who is now going through a divorce. Not to mention, that it is none of our buisness, and doesn't bother or hurt my marriage at all. My psyche is much more damaged by the heterosexual couples murdering each other plastered all over the news, than the pictures of other couples getting married. We all deserve the same happiness, and joy where we can find it.	FAVOR
903	gayRights	"Mike S. Adams. ""Why homosexuals should not adopt or teach children"". Townhall. August 25th, 2006. "	AGAINST
904	gayRights	So you want gay people to pretend to be straight? That's just stupid. What if somebody told you being straight was wrong and you needed to be gay? Wouldn't you be outraged?Even if every gay person came out of the closet, they would still make up less than 10% of mankind. It wouldn't be a big deal.	FAVOR
905	gayRights	Yes, because we love each other.  And because we want to be able to protect our children with ALL the same rights of marriage with which straight people are able to to protect their children.  These are CIVIL rights, attached to CIVIL marriage, and were created by society as a safety-net available to citizens of this nation in exchange for making commitments to care for one's spouse and children, thereby relieving society of some of the risk it faces.  Many of the rights and benefits of marriage are specifically for the benefit and protection of children, and many gay families DO have children.  Denial of basic civil rights to such families is a punishment to the children of gay parents simply because of who their parents are.  This is not the kind of society we subscribe to in this country.	FAVOR
906	gayRights	Next you'll be telling us we should all catch bugs in a web and eat them because it works for spiders. Men and   women   are not the same, politically correctness to the contrary. Millions of years of   evolution   have caused men and women to adapt to the best model to preserve the species. One is not less than the other, but they are different. It takes the combined natural adaptations of both to produce an individual that is able to survive and reproduce in turn.You can argue until hell freezed over but you will never legislate natural   law   out of existance. Yeah, maybe it'd be better if pi was equal to 3 instead of 3.145926....., but wishful thinking will never make it so. It is what is and we are what we are. I do not mean to be unkind, but   homosexuality   is not a survival characteristic, it's an evolutionary dead end. You can argue that other alternatives to the traditional family unit are equally contra survival, perhaps even with some small merit, but that doesn't   change   the fact that the traditional family unit provides the best possible   benefits   to   children  .Children are not   pets  . I can't even begin to express how low my opinion is of anyone who would use children as bargaining chips as a way to legitimize their own lifestyle choices. If you want a pet, get a puppy or a kitten. Better yet, start with a nice house plant and if it's still alive after a year, get a fish or a hamster. With experience, you may eventually become competent to care for a critter as complex as a   baby   cat or dog. The big difference between a pet kitten and a human child is with the kitten, you are not responsible for teaching it everything it will need to know to survive for the 50 plus years it will live after leaving your care.I have a high opinion of free will even though I don't always agree with the way it is exercised. If you're gay, I fully respect your right to be left alone to make the best life you can for yourself. The moment you say you should be allowed to impose your will on another, you will find me in adament opposition to your position. Do what you like as long as you do me no harm in the process, and leave children alone.	AGAINST
907	gayRights	People are blind to the real point. Gay marriage is NOT a matter for the state. Marriage is an institution created by God maintained by the church. The state has no right to dictate the actions of the church. This is a violation of the constitution the state is overstepping its bounds and its encroaching upon the rights of the church. This is an effort to take away the churches power and moral effectiveness. The constitution recognizes the churches role in a free society and the church itself is a needed structure in society, The framers of the constitution recognize and respects the soverignty of God HIS laws and the churches authority to declare them and enforce them. So gay marrige is wrong on a constitutional level and on a moral level so throuroughly it violates the laws of God and nature and lastly it violates the constitution.	FAVOR
908	gayRights	Sorry Joe, I didn't answer you in good time. Yes, the words are there Joe. I am a homosexual woman and you are a heterosexual man. Those words have always existed but it's the straight community who makes us much more different than we really are as people. I've have always shown myself as I really am and I must say that I haven't had too much of a problem with people across the board. You see me Joe...you see me as I really am, for every word I have written and spoken to you is me. I am no different off-line.	FAVOR
909	gayRights	im getting married soon myself, and it is not for the benefits, i actually havent even bothered to find out what they are. it is also not for religion, my religion doesnt require getting legally married. it is so that i have somthing to show the world about my life. also, It hurts us by allowing the government to further violate the constitution by respecting the beliefs of established religion.the point of the constitution was so that we would have to respect the beliefs of other religions, instead of persecuting them. plus, the religion that the law is based primarily on (christianity) is against it, so how is supporting gay marriage supporting a religion?while i do support your statement about people should not have to register with the government to get married, i do think that it is good, otherwise people would have more than one spouse and get hurt more due to that.	FAVOR
910	gayRights	"I actually know of a few, who maybe don't ""resent"" being adopted, but wished they had their actual parents, and blame a lot of their psychological problems on the fact that they weren't raised by their parents.  Only in THIS time, does this scenario hold so much value. When someone is born by an accident, and then is not wanted, and is raised poorly because of the fact. Why are adoption programs established in the first place? Because there are more people having sex that don't want children, there are more people without the means to have children, but want children, and there are more people out there suffering from bad parenting. This hasn't always been the case, see what I've said to Kukla.  The chances of ""accidentally"" having children, and the chances of not being able to care for the child, have to be higher now than any other time in history, partly due to the fact that there are just more people in general out there at this moment than any other specific time in history. If the failure rate is higher now than ever, and the number of gays raising children are higher than ever too, logically, the percent of failure has to effect the lower number, the gay adopters, more than the people having the children by accident. Also, something to conceder is, why are they failing? If it's because of the income, look at the percent of failure with a mother and father in the same income bracket than the adopter's, you will find that there is a wide gap. Most accidental births, I'm sure, are well taken care of despite the fact that they weren't planned, more often in a higher income bracket than a lower. The people with a low income will fail, whereas the people in the higher one, even though it's accidental, will be taken care of just as well as ones raised by adopters, because they are given money, and already have the money to do so. In all of time, there have been more straight couples with money and children than gay couples with money and children... think about it. Statistically speaking, the straight people may have failed more people over the coarse of history, but that doesn't mean that they haven't also raised more children successfully too."	AGAINST
911	gayRights	"The Bible says in Corinthians Chapter 6 vs 9-10.""Do you not know that the unrighteous and the wrongdoers will not inherit or have any share in the kingdom of God?  Do not be deceived (misled) neither the impure and immoral, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor those who participate in homosexuality.Nor cheats ( swindlers and thieves,) nor greedy graspers, nor drunkards, nor foulmouthed revilers and slanderers, nor extortioners, and robbers will inherit or have any share in the kingdom of God.""Corinthians Chapter 6 vs. 18""Shun immorality and all sexual looseness (flee from impurity in thought, word, or deed).  Any other sin which a man commits is one outside the body, but he who commits sexual immorality sins against his own body.""The Bible is not out dated and it always confirms itself it is the greatest predicter of human behavior.Everything that a scientist or philosopher may be a fact or an opinion may last for a moment but the truth stands forever.  God is the same yesterday, today and forever.If any who reads these words wants to continue to delude themselves or seer their conscience go ahead because you have been warned.John 3 vs 16-17 says""For God  so greatly loved and dearly prized the world that He (even) gave up His only begotten (unique) Son, so that whoever believes in ( trusts in, clings to, relies on) Him shall not perish ( come to destruction be lost) but have eternal ( everlasting) life.For God did not send the Son into the world in order to pass sentence on) the world, but that the world might find salvation and be made safe and sound through Him.""John 3 vs. 20For every wrongdoer hates (loathes, detests) the Light, and will not come out into the Light but shrinks from it, lest his works ( his deeds, his activities, his conduct) be exposed and reproved.Jesus is the way the truth and the life.  He is also Light of the world.Therefore, there is no such thing as a gay Christian that's an oxymoron. "	AGAINST
912	gayRights	"Hmmmm. I have put my views out there (made a stand). Maybe it's hard to distinguish when I'm kidding and when I'm being serious. Here's my position on the subject. I think that same sex couples should bypass th liberal right and secure civil unions because the rights afforded to married couples are more important than the word ""married."" Would you rather use the word ""married"" but not have any rights or have the rights but not the word? I know you want both but think about this. Demanding both has resulted in a backlash. The religious right was able to spend less and out organize the gay community in order to get proposition 8 passed. What does that tell you? It tells me that the religious right is deeply offended at the demands made by the gay community. The religious right feels (right or wrong) that the word belongs to them. The gay community has not understood this and has made matters worse by claiming that the religious right is hateful (I know because I've seen the bumper stickers). This is really strange because in poll after poll people seem OK with civil unions. It is as though the gay community is so focused on their goal that they fail to hear what the religious right is saying and when they do hear they (truly or intentionally) misunderstand the words and misrepresent them. The religious right is willing to give the gay community its rights....., but not the word. And all the litigation in the world will never force the majority of the religious right that are currently alive to accept gays as married. If anything, litigation will have an opposite effect.The gay community will eventually win this battle but (if they continue using the current approach) the damage done to the relationship between the two groups will suffer greatly. The gay community is alienating the religious right. I know that the gay community feels that they are the ones being alienated by the religious right. But think about this. How would you feel if some homeless guy came into your home and (not negotiated but) demanded a place to sleep? You have the room. You don't need it all at any given point in time. He will have all kinds of reasons why he should be allowed to sleep there. And if you refuse because it is your home and he shouldn't be making demands, he'll say that you're a hateful person.Don't bother answering because if there's anything I have learned is that you can't change a person's mind with just an argument. Just as you wont change mine. And since you have made it clear that friendship to you means that I have to (not only accept but actually) share your point of view, I accept your request to be enemies. I respect your point of view but I don't share it.One last thing. This is hokey, I know, but it does seem to make me feel better sometimes. Maybe it will make you feel better.God give me the strength to change the things I can,the patience to put it with the things I can't,and the wisdom to know the difference."	FAVOR
913	gayRights	I hear a lot of people throw statistics around in this debate.  The fact of the matter is that there is very little evidence on either side and as such this is merely a debate of opinion, anecdote and conjecture.  Please do not cite statistics that do not exist. 	AGAINST
914	gayRights	"I really want to know what ""Law"" was passed down since the 10 Commandments? I will not dispute Moses account, but there were no other witnesses. Not a single commandment about homosexuals.Seems a sin of omission on Gods part? Even the churches and religious organizations, dispute any contemporary claims for ""hearing"" from God.Those people you claim are ""charged"" to do so, are none the less just other people. They are all there because they choose to be. No more than you or me to interpret anything. God has also seen fit not to drop a list of people from heaven, charging anyone to do anything.Like any corporation, the religious organizations all get some good people and some bad people. Like any good employee they also protect their jobs. Where you get this fantasy about God and people is well beyond any sane comprehension. If it werwe a bad thing, God would not have allowed animals to ""suffer"" the same malady.I once knew a farmer. He had a prize bull that was a flaming homosexual. They had to ""milk"" the bull to impregnate the cows. It isn't all that uncommon on the farm. Why should it be so in the cities?"	FAVOR
915	gayRights	This argument is quite simple. Either homosexuality is a choice, or it is something you are born with. Having never made the choice to be heterosexual, I believe it is a natural phenomenon that people are born with. Perhaps it is God's way of limiting population growth. To those that believe it is a choice, did YOU ever choose to be heterosexual? If it is not a choice, then there is no point arguing the morality of it. Morality involves choices you make. It would be like saying being black is immoral. It's simply idiotic.	FAVOR
916	gayRights	The question of advantage or disadvantage might more appropriately be asked about same race (of the childÃ•s, each other, yours or predominate in their society), same religion (of the childÃ•s parents, each other, yours, predominate in their society or the true one), income of parents, assets of parents, quality of neighborhoodÃ‰Why limit your inquiry to this issue unless you have a transparent agenda of a particular group you wish to discriminate against?The only true family values are love and commitment.	FAVOR
917	gayRights	NO!!!! Homosexuality shouldn't be a sin! Its basically being a sinner for being born :P	FAVOR
918	gayRights	You did not answer my question. If everything is peachy because gays have the right to marry, then doesn't that same logic apply to interracial marriage?	AGAINST
919	gayRights	"Jeffrey A. Tucker. ""The Gay Adoption Conundrum"". Lew Rockwell.com. July 8th, 2003"	FAVOR
920	gayRights	"I believe same-sex marriages should be legal. I believe that the arguments against it are poor and are based on personal beliefs rather than logic.1) Denying gays and lesbians the right to marry is unconstitutional. It discriminated on the basis of sex. It also denies them of the many benefits of civil marriage such as:  to call out of work to take care of a sick partner or partner's child, to receive social security continuation after a partner dies, file joint tax returns, etc. If two people are in a committed, monogamous relationship they should be able to get married and fulfill their promises to each other. 2)  Some say that they are against gay marriage because the definition of marriage is ""an institution between one man and one woman."" But WHO says what marriage is to be defined by? Their argument basically stops there because there is nothing else to add to it. It is word manipulation because definitions are never set in stone. They develop over the years as does language in general. Other words are given multiple meanings and connotations yet we seem to be stuck with just ONE for marriage. Tradition seems to be the only thing that keeps this definition from changing and in the past tradition has lost. Just look at slavery and the treatment of women.3) ""Marriage is for reproduction."" What about infertile couples? A post menopausal mother or a impotent father cannot reproduce. Are they not allowed to marry? Actually, they are. So how is this a valid argument?4) Same-sex couples do not provide the best environment to raise children in.  But heterosexual couples ALWAYS do? What about the rapists, child molesters, murderers, alcoholics, and other harmful personalities are free to marry and procreate and raise children all they want. Yes, there are organizations that help children in those situations but do they get to all of them? And isn't the child already affected negatively from the experience? Gay couples can raise children just as well as straight couples can. The difference is that gay couples are looked down on and that can affect the children and it does. If homosexuals were treated equally then what differences would there be? And would they -really- be significant and worthy of being mentioned in an argument?5) Same-sex relationships are immoral. Says who? Give me valid, unbiased sources and I will acknowledge it and actually have an argument. I will not argue over faith based arguments or personal beliefs.6) Same-sex marriages threaten the institution of marriage. This to be sounds contradictory. By allowing gays to marry we eliminate marriages that some of them would enter with people they do not love and are not fully attracted to. Gay marriages do not threaten the institution of marriage. If anything they simply strengthen it. Divorce, if anything, is what threatens it.7) Same-sex marriages are untested social experiments. This is a very narrow-minded argument because it implies that nowhere in the world have there been same sex marriages, while also degrading the relationships of same-sex couples. Calling someone's relationship and love ""an experiment"" is less of an argument than a personal attack. And same-sex marriages have been ""tested"" and successful in countries such as: Canada, Belgium, Denmark, Spain, etc. It doesn't seem to pose a problem there so why would it in America?To me these arguments are all excuses for the real reasons people oppose gay marriage. The reason I say this is because in each argument there is a flaw or contradictions. It is easy for people to dismiss something they find repulsive, unnatural, or that makes them uncomfortable, but that doesn't make it okay to deny a group of people the right to be married. "	FAVOR
921	gayRights	He has just as much right to do and believe what he feels is right as you do. Maybe some people are better off leading a spiritual celibate life style even if the number is small. I wish there was more civility in these discussions.	FAVOR
922	gayRights	"Scanning the above comments, all I see is religious dogma and circular or undeveloped arguments. Religious beliefs, scriptures, ""God's word,"" are not arguments. By using scripture as the only source of proof for the stance against same sex marriage, one falsely gives authority to the Bible and to god. I'm not here to argue about the authority of god in general; I'm not here to argue his existence of say whether or not I agree with his teachings. I'm simply saying that in this argument, god's authority cannot prevail. There is a separation of church and state and one must acknowledge this and find another way to defend this opinion against same-sex marriage.Another argument I've noticed is that ""being gay is wrong,"" or simply that gay marriage is wrong. Arguments like this tend to either stay undeveloped - ending there and not providing anything other than an opinion, not fact - or they become circular arguments - ""It is wrong because it is unnatural....""(comment continued below)"	FAVOR
923	gayRights	The failure of the courts should not be a reason to deny same sex couples the same rights and privileges.The reason same sex marriage should be legalized is to protect the religious freedoms of others. Any law that permits same sex marriage should also include provisions which permit people to exercise their own freedom of religion to not get involved with such ceremonies if it is against their religion. This is how same sex marriage is dealt with in Canada presently. Noone is forced to perform a same sex marriage ceremony.	FAVOR
924	gayRights	Your first argument compares two things that are not related; this is a fallacy of faulty analogy. The ability to fabricate an aircraft does not evidence an ability to raise and love a child. The argument does not deductively evidence why any person, gay or not gay, can raise and love a child. Moreover, you have asserted that homosexuals are not able to conceive children. Therefore, we can deduce from your claim that homosexuals are biologically deprived of the necessary organs for the conception of a child. Lastly, the argument is ineffective in proving any thing syllogistically. And as for the remainder of your claims and rhetorical questions they donÃ•t deserve refutation. The entirety of the argument fails to prove one thing that has been validly deduced by the author.  Your final statement,Ã“ The assumption that there is something existentially negative about being gay.Ã“ A. It is a sentence fragment. The subject is identified but there is no predicate. B. You affirmed there is something that is existentially negative about being gay; they cannot conceive children. Your whole of your argument begins with irrationality and ends with irrationality.I expect that your future reply will also be equally irrational.	AGAINST
925	gayRights	"Lets begin with this..love is a profoundly tender, passionate affection for another person, a feeling of warm personal attachment or deep affection. Now a question..if a woman has the right to love a man, why cant a woman love a woman or a man love a man? Love is love and it has no gender. You cant help who you love. Who is anyone in this world to say who someone else can fall in love with? People say that being gay is choice. Well, heres another question..do you wake up in the morning and say ""hey, I think I'm going to be straight today""? I don't think so. You are not born straight or gay. You are born asexual. You have no sexual orientation. As you grow and develop you become attracted to things and for some its the opposite sex and for others its the same sex. Gays are as normal as straights or anything else in this world. Besides, who are any of us to say what NORMAL is? I've been on several websites about this gay marriage thing and most of them argued that it wouldnt be right in the eyes of ""god"". Now, I dont believe in god, but if there is in fact a god than why would he have made gays if he wouldnt approve of them? It just doesnt make any sense. Other websites have tried arguing that gays are the reason for AIDS and STDS. This is not true. If you search for the answer to the quesion ""where did AIDS orginate from?"" you would find several different answers, but none would say anything about gays. People are trying their hardest to prove that homosexuality should not be allowed by throwing false information around and that will get you no where. Another thing that people are trying say is that gay parents will raise gay children. This isn't true either. This goes back to the asexual thing. If you're going to be gay you are going to be gay. It doesn't matter who raises you or what your religion is or anything that you have any control over. I know a gay couple bothwho has two daughters  of which are straight. So that is proof that that suggestion is indeed false. And as for the statements saying that gay marriages are unatural because in ""traditional"" marriages the man and woman can have children, there are plenty of straight couples out there that are popping out children left and right! It doesn't matter how many gays there are because there will always be straight couples and there will always be more children being born. And as for gays, there are plenty of ways for them to also have children. So lets put that arguement to a rest, please! Gays deserve the same rights as straights. Gays are no different than straights. They wake up every morning and they have a life. The only thing thats different about them is they love someone of the same sex rather than the opposite. There is absolutely no reason why a gay couple should not be able to get married and have the same rights as a straight couple. "	FAVOR
926	gayRights	"Societies frequently practiced infanticide, because they had no birth control and no measures to help single mothers or too many babies at once. ""Natural"" was ""necessary."" The Greeks looked down on heterosexuality because it seemed ""natural"" to them; it was an animal thing, and thus homosexuality was ""higher."" Heterosexuality isn't ""right"" because it's ""natural,"" either. We deem it right when healthy adults identify as it and build good relationships with it, and deem it wrong when it's misused, as when it's done without consent or with a minor. "	FAVOR
927	gayRights	While history is important and plays an important role in our understanding of what happened in the past and why people of other cultures act as they do, it is not the final authority, and you agree with me on that. The Bible is the final authority and it remains the final authority in all matters of faithand practice.   I was not saying that history is not important or relevant.  I was saying that in intrepreting the Bible, history should not be used where it contradicts the Word of God. If we use history alone to intreprite the Bible, then we are in trouble!  Our histories are packed with immorality, fornication,   murder  , sexual abuse, and so forth.   If we use these actions as standards for verifying the truth of the Bible, then we depend on man's inhumanity to man to explain God's love for man.  It cannot be done. We need to use the histories to understand what God means by what He says.  However we cannot allow history to dictate to us what God meant by what He said in His Holy Word.  His word is final and not even history can make God's word mean what it was never meant to.That is all I was saying.  Let history interprite history and let the Bible intreprite the Bible.  RichWh1 	AGAINST
928	gayRights	Many anti-gay Christians use the word, sodomite, to describe gay men and lesbians.What is a sodomite in the Bible?If we deal honestly with what the Bible actually says, we cannot honestly, factually or ethically say that gay men and lesbians are sodomites.      	FAVOR
929	gayRights	OH good grief How close minded can one nutter be? Someone that chooses to be gay does it on their own one way or the other. Its not your business who someone finds attractive or falls in love with.	FAVOR
930	gayRights	"Well, they actually do have the right to get married.I think a better wording would be ""Should people have the right to marry someone of the same sex""."	FAVOR
931	gayRights	it is simpleWhy do people have to complicate gender?I sincerely think it is a mental illness- some form of defect in the brain which makes people truly believe they are the opposite of what they are...maybe they can be given hormones or mental   medication   one day to make them feel their true gender- what they were born with.Gay is a lifestyle choice for most who are twisted or immoral -then their may be others who have some mental- chromosome issues not yet discovered.If their is a gay gene- that doesn't mean it's good--- for instance there is a   cancer   gene.....that is not good either	AGAINST
932	gayRights	If it was monkey see-monkey do, then how come there are many gay children coming out to their heterosexual parents?Its choices. Everyone has a right to their own choice. YOU have no right to strip someone from their choice solely for your own selflish beliefs. Someone's sexual orientation should not affect you and, if it does, then quit brown nosing because it is not any of your business.	FAVOR
933	gayRights	"Okay, let me first make it clear that I never condoned violent action as a way to solve the problem. Gandhi and MLK Jr. are some of my heroes because they affected change in the most peaceful ways possible. What I also liked about them is they both recognized injustice and stood up to it without compromise. Gandhi wanted the British out of India and did not compromise on this issue. Martin Luther King wanted equal rights for African-Americans and did not compromise. There is a big difference between not wanting to compromise, and being narrow minded. You say ""Some people just don't want to be around other people."" This to me is a type of discrimination. If I told you, I am not bigoted, I just don't want to be around Mexicans, you would be appalled.Here is the definition of a bigot in wikipedia:A bigot is a person who is intolerant of opinions, lifestyles, or identities differing from his or her ownLooking at this definition you can see clearly that not wanting to be around people who choose to be homosexual is bigotry. But that is irrelevant because no one is forcing people to be around homosexuals. This is what I don't understand about your argument. If homosexuals get married does that mean suddenly they are going to suddenly show up at your door, and when you refuse them say ""Hey, you have to let us in, we're legally married now."" That is ridiculous.Of course legalizing gay marriage will not automatically get rid of bigots, I never said that and I don't believe it. When slavery was abolished, did it get rid of racism? When woman's suffrage was granted, did it get rid of sexism? No! But in the long run it helped a lot. Can you imagine anyone believing either of these issues as having two reasonable sides today? The bigots will not change their mind, but their children will be raised in a society that is more accepting, and hopefully this will have a large affect for future generations.Being intolerant of bigotry cannot be called bigotry.I agree that maybe gay marriage will not come to fruition in the immediate future, but that does not mean that people should stop fighting for what they believe in. Martain Luther King demanded equal rights for African-Americans. Feminists demanded equal rights for women. Asking nicely, ""can we please get married, if it isn't to much of a problem for you?"" Of course what blacks suffered through in the pre-civil rights era was terrible. That does not lessen what homosexuals are going through right now. I know from seeing it at my school how much homosexuals are mistreated and outcast. This is socially acceptable, and it shouldn't be. Progress will probably be attained in smaller steps but only if people continue to fight for their rights. Obama is the perfect example of this: in order to win the presidency he had to support civil unions but not gay marriage. Lucky for me, I'm not a politician. I don't have to temper my views with the current public will. I can say what I truly believe. If a compromise were reached in the federal government that extended rights to homosexuals through civil unions I would be in favor of that, but after it was passed I would go right back to fighting for marriage. Homosexuals even lost the ability to adopt in Arkansas because they can't marry or even have civil unions: I also have a problem with you comparing the Homosexuals to the Nazis. First, the Nazis killed homosexuals, because they thought they were, to use your word, ""vermin."" What the homosexuals are not doing is killing or hurting others in any way by demanding marriage. By denying them marriage, other people are hurting homosexuals. So who is more like the Nazi's now? Don't you think its justified to loathe your oppressors? This does not mean violence, as I said earlier I am against violence.Speaking of Bigotry though, I want you to see what homosexuals have to put up with: it unfair for me to call them bigots, or am I being narrow minded?Finally I would like to respond to this comment you made:I have said that gays will eventually win. But why does it have to be right now and at what cost?And I can only respond with this quote:""All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing."" -Edmund Burke"	FAVOR
934	gayRights	We're talking about civil marriage here, not sacramental or religious marriage. If your religion doesn't want to honor a same-sex union, fine, but at the same time, whatever happened to separation of church and state?!?!?!?	FAVOR
935	gayRights	"I'm not against the gay community in general, but there is a problem with the word ""marry"". By definition it implies a union between a man and a woman. a gay marriage is an oxymoron."	AGAINST
936	gayRights	Man and man were not made to have children together and neither were women and women. Therefore I do not believe the gay marriage should be legalized because then gay parents would be able to adopt children and I do not think that a child can be raised up properly without both a mom that is a woman, and a dad that is a man. That child would suffer from bullying by other children and eventually they might question their own sexuality, and I donÃ•t think that their parents gay sexuality should make a negative influence on their child.     	AGAINST
937	gayRights	"You have to sort this and many other debates that have extended replies by ""Show All Replies."" on top. The problem with that is if you need to resond to someone and do, it reverts back again and you have to click on it again to expand the debate!"	FAVOR
938	gayRights	"""From a scientific view, it is extreemly improbable that life is here by any other means except a designer. ""There is tons of evidence to show that we evolved. We are not definitely not designed. Read up a little on Biology and the Theory of Evolution before you go spouting what (presumably) someone told you as fact when you don't know what you're talking about.""The last time I looked, I'm a human. I'm not a giraffe, I'm not an insect, etc... I'm a human. ""Well guess what! Whether you want to admit it or not, some humans are homosexual just like some   animals   are. So it would seem it is a natural occurrence in all LIFE. ""there is no basis to belive that the designer behind life intends for this to be normative""First of all from reading your comment it is apparently you have very little schooling as you can't spell. Secondly you use the word ""normative"". Homosexuality is not a majority in nature at all... that doesn't mean it's occurrence isn't normal. Just like a previous commenter said... just because red haired people aren't the majority doesn't mean they aren't normal.AND we come to the root of your false reasoning:""you will need to show that the designer has intended this as normal behavior in the animal kingdom as a whole.""No wonder you don't know anything about   science  . You look to your invisible friend as a starting point for a line of reasoning. I'm sorry, but to demonstrate whether something is a fact we do not need to pick up a   bible   and try to fathom what some mythical being thinks about it! We do just fine without first presuming a   god   exists and working from what we can demonstrate in the real world."	FAVOR
939	gayRights	"DellAnderson said: ""Why is it so hard for Hope7 to accept as normal anyone who is different from themselves? I have always been mystified by the extreme emotion, even violence, engendered in certain people against homosexuals. It is what we call 'out of proportion'.""It is actually obeying the definition of ""normal"" and ""weird"" to say that people who are different from me are ""weird"".  That is just the fact of the word.  The   environment   I have grown up in dictates what I see as normal and weird.  This is a layover (perhaps vestige) of our   evolution  .  A homosexual does not find heterosexuals as weird because the homosexual has grown up in an environment wherein heterosexuality is ""normal"", the opposite is not true.  The reason why we look down upon those whites who are   racist   or bigots is not because they find Blacks or Jews or Mexicans as weird, it is because they are unintelligent enough so as to be unable to deal with the differences and learn and move on.  Be very precise about why it is wrong to be racist and you'll see what I mean; it is natural for a white person to think a black person weird and vice versa, it is socially acceptable to think them weird, it is not socially acceptable to act on that prima facia judgment. "	AGAINST
940	gayRights	"Gay marriage is unacceptable because it is not private. If two people choose to engage in this behavior behind closed doors, society should remain agnostic.  However, when this behavior (like other aberrant behaviors), is championed as normal, natural, and a matter of ""freedom"" (as opposed to license), society has an obligation to protect children during their formative years and denounce these acts."	AGAINST
941	gayRights	your the mental one ....down voting me just be cause you feel like it ....so you a 60 year old  lonely women ....right ? with absolutely no life pffft old people	FAVOR
942	gayRights	"That two or more people can marry one another emotionally is both unquestionable and unpreventable by others. Those in ""same-sex"" relationships have emotionally married one another likely since our species was identifiable as a distinct species and will likely continue to do so until the species is no more. Those who wish to keep the administrative marriage of same-sex individuals illegal cannot prevent the emotional marriage, nor can they prevent same-sex relationships from both inventively creating offspring and raising them to maturity. One wonders what is actually being accomplished except the irrational and prejudicial exclusion of some individuals from the benefits of administrative recognition of what already exists. What is likely to happen in the continued illegality of same-sex administrative marriage is that these individuals will acquire the same benefits of heterosexual marriages by other means. Life adapts and improvises - or it perishes."	FAVOR
943	gayRights	"This is another example of misinterpreting the scriptures.  The ""speck in the eye"" is an allegorical reference to the fact that no human being is without fault, therefore not qualified to pass judgements.  All human beings have specks in their eyes. And since when is a saint considered to be a normal human being?    This forum is about homosexuality being a sin.  If a homosexual cannot accept his or  her feelings and wishes to suppress and ignore them, that is their choice. But that does not make it a sin.  JUDGING homosexuality is a sin.  Also, comparing homosexuality to drugs or alcohol is ignorant.  It's like comparing a fish to a bicycle.  Again, I point out that using the Bible as the basis for a viewpoint like this is unsound reasoning. It is an allegorical piece of literature, a text translated many times, colored by personal opinion, open to countless interpretations of the same passages depending on a person's viewpoint, and not shared by all humankind.  Those who view homosexuality as a sin simply have no concrete basis for their viewpoint.  In fact, the most enlightened spiritual teachings refute the concept of ""sin"" as presented by the christians.   "	FAVOR
944	gayRights	This is true. Since this issue is so recent, I don't think we have any long-term studies about the effects of gay adoption, but maybe we'll have a better understanding in 10 or 20 years. However, I feel that during arguments it is better to argue from a logical standpoint, as opposed to an emotional one. Still, I agree with your stance.	FAVOR
945	gayRights	"So let me get this straight. As long as a majority of people oppose someone else's right to something they themselves enjoy, that wronged person has to wait until the majority get with the program, and then and only then, does he get to enjoy what everyone else is enjoying? Huh? The religious right can and do believe anything they want, no matter how stupid and obnoxious and irrational it is. They can and do teach their kids whatever nonsense they care to.My right to equal protection under the law - my right to enjoy the same tax breaks, visitation rights, and property inheritance rights everyone else has - does not in any way interfere with that. How do you conceivably justify this denial of my rights under the same constitution and under the same tax code, with whatever minor challenge to someone's religious beliefs there could possibly be?This is like denying rights to African Americans or Hispanics because the KKK has issues with it. That wouldn't stand for a second. Why am I any different?No one is challenging any one's right to their beliefs here. But as a taxpaying American, I most certainly DO demand the same rights as you enjoy.Let's be perfectly straight here: no one is asking a church to perform a same sex wedding. Most people who are gay wouldn't step foot in a church to begin with because there is so much hate there. As Ghandi said, ""I like your Christ. I do not like your Christians. They are so much unlike him.""There are plenty of Christian churches that love and accept us that no one would ever bother for one moment thinking about going into one of the palaces of hate that so many churches have become. So how in heaven's name does that interfere with your religion?My own Episcopalian church couldn't possibly be a more warm and inviting place for gay and lesbian people. I love it there. It has allowed me to grow and thrive as a Christian. The old Baptist church I was raised in was a spiritual killing field. What kind of idiot would go back there for any reason?"	FAVOR
946	gayRights	I often wander why  people use the Bible as valid data to back anything up.  I am neither for nor against it.  I do not know enough about it to know.  I do know that people sure can find allow of places to stand on it with just about any subject.This is interesting.	AGAINST
947	gayRights	This article claims that children raised by two moms or two dads are more likely to engage in early sex, do drugs, drop out, etc. Can this be blamed on the fact that the child was raised without a mom AND a dad or on the fact that society is so intolerant that constant ostracizing has led the child down the wrong path?  I don't think these types of statistics can be exclusively attributed to being raised by a gay couple.  There are far too many other factors to be considered, therefore the basis of this argument is a fallacy.  It is true that children raised by gay couples are more likely to be picked on but it is through society's own bigotry that this happens.  The most important factor in raising children is giving love and care, regardless of whether there is a mom AND a dad. 	FAVOR
948	gayRights	"Gay marriage should be compared against average marriages; not worst case ones. All of the arguments negating this question are compared against the dysfunctions occurring in worst case marriages."	AGAINST
949	gayRights	I would say yes but I'm not an attorney. What is needed is for the NRA or some other group to start a test case.	FAVOR
950	gayRights	" The bible opposes homosexuality, and thus gay marriage. The importance of the Bible in guiding Western moral codes is very high. If the Bible opposes homosexuality and gay marriage, then it should be trusted and followed. While the separation of Church and state exists, the importance of the bible to the development of national principles cannot be denied and should leave room for the moral guidance of the bible in influencing policy against gay marriage.  "	AGAINST
951	gayRights	 After witnessing a   murder   of a 17 yo boy who was, by the way, being raped by a homosexual man in 1980 in N. California I was attacked afterward at my home and at   college   and it destroyed my life and for 10 long hellish years I lived outside the Christian community and that is what qualifies me to tell you that wrong will never be right no matter how much you want it to be and not even a peice of paper can give you that. Wonderfully came back to God in 1998 and that is when my life started again. I have by my own choice lived celibate ever sense and that too qualifies me to tell you that you can live single, without sex, sex is not the bottom layer of Maslows heirarchy of needs, trust me, its not. My story at   www.hope7.highpowersites.com  	AGAINST
952	gayRights	" Homosexuals do not make good parents because they are not ""differentiated"" role-models - Children benefit from a balance of male and female, differentiated role models. The unique characteristics of men and women are important to impart on children. Same-sex marriage fundamentally undermines this balanced approach to child-rearing."	AGAINST
953	gayRights	Have you ever lied, Tamara?	FAVOR
954	gayRights	Who says your definition of family is correct? You think that two people who love each other should not be able to adopt merely because they are the same sex? How about single people who adopt?Family is very important. Explain to me why homosexual parents are any less capable then heterosexual parents at raising a child.	FAVOR
955	gayRights	"Jake You have no idea what you are talking about. I know plenty of gay people who had no one gay in their lives growing up. In fact all of the gay people I know had straight parents and were scared to ""come out"". Try again."	FAVOR
956	gayRights	"Above you have stated that because of idolatry, God gave them unto their vile affections. What were the vile affections? It explains that next: women and men exchanging in unnatural relations with the same gender. The word ""vile"" is defined as:1.  Loathsome; disgusting: vile language.2. Unpleasant or objectionable: vile weather. See Synonyms at offensive.3.a. Contemptibly low in worth or account; second-rate.b. Of mean or low condition.4. Miserably poor and degrading; wretched: a vile existence.5. Morally depraved; ignoble or wicked: a vile conspiracy.Obviously, something that is ""vile"" is not GOOD. In this passage, God gives them over to their own selfish and bad desires (such as homosexuality) because they have committed idolatry. Because God gave them over to homosexuality because of idolatry does not make it ""right."" They were choosing to worship themselves and creatures instead of God, so he gave them over to their other bad desires. The context is about what God did because of men and women idolizing things other than him. He gave them over to their ""foolish,"" ""unnatural,"" and ""vile"" desires. Homosexuality was one of those desires."	AGAINST
957	gayRights	"Yes I agree. I am an atheist, but according to the bible homosexuality is wrong in ""God's"" eyes. I mean if you want to be gay then go for it, it's your life and your decision, but if you are a homosexual and still believe in ""God"" the you are not living up to your religions standards. I have a Bi girlfriend and I love her with all that I have to offer but I care she is Bi and it saddens me because of her decision. But it is her life and her decision to be with other girls if she chooses, there is NO stopping it. You cannot control someone's life, no matter how hard you try."	AGAINST
958	gayRights	I dont know how one could think that not giving   children   the benefit of a   mother   and a father is beneficial in any way. I dont know how one could think that woman and children will benefit from this in our   society   since woman make less and have less insurance it would only obvious that woman and children will have poorer   health  , poorer lifestyles, poorer everyting, and the male dominated world would not benefit from this either.  I dont know how you could even rationalize the fact that opening   marriage   up for a free for all would lead to a stronger society but a much weaker and distorted and psychologically imbalaced one and I hope that they would see that and that realizing that the road to hell is paved in roads such as the one that homosexual marriage will create in America.  It will weaken our family structure and thereby weaken our towns and eventually our country, if you dont think so remember what ERA for woman promised us, better futures more security etc blah blah and what did we actually get? Harder lives, more on our plates, expectations over the limit, family structure that fell apart without the mother role in the house, more   money   but that lead to more bills, more divorce rates because we allievated some of the mens responsiblities and that opened them up to the wondering eye, woman cheating on their husbands. Woman if we allow a redefinition of marriage we might as well just ask for the short end of the stick cuz thats what well get.	AGAINST
959	gayRights	The US is one of the few countries with a constitutional separation of church and state.Within such a system, marriage should only be defined by the state and 2 people (same or different sex) should go to city hall to get married. Priest should not be able to perform legal marriages.Only after a couple is legally married, should they have the option of going to a church of their choice to celebrate their marriage within the rituals of that church with their church community.Because of separation between church and state, churches have no say in how the state defines marriage but in pure symmetry, the state can not require churches to organize religious celebrations if they do not want to.Same sex marriage was legalized in the Netherlands in 2001, Belgium in 2003, Massachusetts in 2004, Spain and Canada in 2005, South Africa in 2006, California and Connecticut in 2008 and will be in Norway in 2009 (see       ).The sky has not fallen, heterosexual marriages have not disappeared and divorces have not exploded, these countries have not gone up in smoke, ... In fact, except for these happily married same sex couples, nothing has changed.So, don't be afraid of your own shadow and support same sex marriage.Society has to continue to eliminate any form of discrimination. We did abolish slavery, gave women the right to vote, allowed mixed race marriage, ... This is one more thing that makes the world a better place. 	FAVOR
960	gayRights	Humans progress. We expand. We evolve. We become better. In a thousand years, they'll have ideas and systems and beliefs that are better then our current ones.	FAVOR
961	gayRights	Jeremy,I am not an expert, but I wonder if perhaps your comment was too limited in what it addressed.  You only addressed behavior outcomes within the context of our current strongly pro heterosexual society.  I seem to remember studies from many years ago that concluded that the natural human tendency was for people to be born with congenital preference across the full spectrum between pure hetero and pure homo with the vast majority in various shades of bi.  This preference is then shaped by the rubric of current social values that lead to the outcomes you describe.That would imply that far fewer people are Ã’born gayÃ“ than you might expect.  It also mean that far fewer people are Ã’born straightÃ“ than you might expect as well.  The conflict comes from all of those people in the middle forced to conform to the imposed unnatural social values.  Normally you would expect that the closer you are to one end of the spectrum the easier it is to move your outcome to conform, but human nature is more complex than that.  Then you have to deal with people that have what I describe as angry reformed behavior complex.  IÃ•m sure you know the type.  I made the sacrifice and quit (fill in what you want; smoking, drinking, being over weight, enjoying myself, whatever), Ã’how dare you offend me and do that in front of me you weak willed sinner.Ã“  Or the less angry who feel Ã’I want to be good, please donÃ•t tempt me to take my life down that road of social scorn.Ã“	FAVOR
962	gayRights	"United States Constitution: First Amendment""Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion"""	FAVOR
963	gayRights	"I and many others I have met and spoken with over the years can attest to the fallacy of the ""normal family"". My father was an abusive bully and my   mother   a depressive alcoholic needless to say mine was not a happy childhood. But they were ""normal"". I have known many others who were sexually and physically abused by their ""normal"" parents and had I had a child early (before I learned how to deal with my own problems) I probably would have been abusive. Just being Heterosexual doesn't automatically make you a good parent or person. I think if all couples had to go through the same screening process that gay couples go through the world would be a better place but try getting that approved.   "	FAVOR
964	gayRights	Are you suggesting that a constitutional ammendment is 'just an opinion'?  And are you further suggesting that it's ok to have an opinion on this matter as long as the law is on the side of your opinion?  And are you also suggesting that when the law is against your opinion, it has also stripped your right to have an opinion?  I have one question for you... In your opinion, is it better for you to have an opinion if another persons legal rights are trampled, or is it better for everyone to have equal rights and for you to have no opinion whatsoever?	FAVOR
965	gayRights	"well, we all know the bible has been ""edited"" throughout the years (i.e. the book of judas).  perhaps all the pro-homosexuality references were deleted to justify the extremist position against homosexuality. prior to the printing press, it was left to scribes to copy the bible and we all know what can happen when different hands lay claim on text.and when david conveys his love for jonathan as ""more than any women"" I guess you should vilify david for the sin against his marriage, eh?  oh, guess not, since you have such a narrow interpretation.let's not forget there's many married men ""of god"" who are gay.  just look at ted haggerd.  unfortunately, when people scream about homosexuality, it tends to force other people in the closet.god loves everyone.  to suggest homosexuality is more of a sin than shaving is ridiculous, and cherry-picking what you think is sin and what is not simply shows that you're defying god...judge not lest ye be judged."	FAVOR
966	gayRights	Firstly, see Exodus 20:13.Secondly, the New Testament makes shaving acceptable, but fails to mention at all that homosexuality ISN'T immoral or wrong.	AGAINST
967	gayRights	Okay if you want to go this far, you should be asking should straights adopt, should single perants adopt! Why the heck does it matter the sexuality of the perants, I mean the only ones who should really worry about all of this is the perants and the kid. I think the kid would do anything to have someone, anyone to love them! Who are you to judge that?	FAVOR
968	gayRights	Unless you can provide scientific data on this, you are just making things up! If you provide a link for a reference that would be helpful in your debate which should be based on facts not your opinion!	FAVOR
969	gayRights	"Apologies, looking back now that I'm not at work and in a hurry, I was not very clear. My point was, even your friends who are not 100% promiscuous.  ""All gays are slutty"" is the only condition that would make your argument logically correct.  Sorry, I'm a huge nerd about logic.  Let me back it up a bit.  The question asked by this page is ""Is Homosexuality a Sin?""  Your answer (according to my own humble interpretation) breaks down to:""I don't know.  I can't say no, because gays are slutty and god is not a big fan of that. Also, gays can't marry and god doesn't like premarital sex either. If you say yes, I understand, but I cannot say yes myself because I don't like to hate."" That's actually a great, well-reasoned, and honest opinion.  I wish more religious folks had that view.  My point was just that the argument ""A is wrong, most B are A, therefore B is wrong too"" is not logically correct.  What about non-slutty gays?  They do exist, in fact 100% of the gay people in my close social circle are entirely monogamous.  That's because atheist ethics are how I roll, and many friends are like-minded or similar.  The point is, even if promiscuity is correlated to homosexuality, it's not the same thing, and god's condemnation of one does not automatically extend to the other.  As for marriage, the legal governmental form of marriage and the religious ceremony are not the same thing, and their endless confusion is a big problem in our country right now.  Gays can get married in a church.  Surely it's religious marriage, not civil marriage, that god required?  Even if you only count legal marriage, if you believe that premarital sex is a sin, again that is not the same thing as homosexuality.  The vast majority of heterosexuals also have premarital sex.  Using this logic, being an American is a sin.  Our disagreement is a matter of perspective, you're coming from a common-sense point, and I'm coming from a logical view (which is what opposing view is all about for me).  To use an analogy, suppose that giving birth were a sin.  Does that make being a woman a sin?  Most women have children, after all.  As for your comment about reconciling religion with ones lifestyle (which extends to a lot more situations than just homosexuality), amen to that!  Personally, I suspect the antagonistic nature of homosexuality vs. religion in the US is probably a contributing factor as to why homosexuality is so often correlated with promiscuity.  Of course, there are a lot of other factors correlated to promiscuity which are not, as far as I know, labeled sin.  Sorry if I sound antagonistic at all, when it comes to gay rights I just see red sometimes.  I do appreciate how non-judgmental you are :)"	FAVOR
970	gayRights	It hurts when they want to teach kids in school that. I like that we have a system and a fabric that rewards a man and women to marry. People don't want it and thats why they have petitioned to remove it from states that have made it law only on judicial reasons which is unconstitutional.	AGAINST
971	gayRights	I hadn't noticed the gay christian link on your comments till this post. And as I am not religious I was already impressed with your previous posts. There are so many paths to take in life and half the fun is seeing what others have chosen. You certainly chose an interesting one. I also second the very well written response, I wish I had written it (if would permit me one second of envy)  : )	FAVOR
972	gayRights	Infanticide has never been acceptable in the US... although it was practiced in the days before birth control and   abortion  , and widely. I don't believe there is a society that has never practiced it. Yeah, we're in agreement. I think it's important to remember there are those two sides of the coin, and jumped in only to add a little weight to that point. It's true that homosexuality being a perfectly natural thing doesn't mean that it's inherently good. It also doesn't make it inherently evil. Just like, well, heterosexuality. 	FAVOR
973	gayRights	"quote, ""there is no practical difference between civil union and   gay marriage   .' If there is no difference then my   vote   is no.Should   marriage   for same-sex couples be   legal  . My answer is no.You ignore a moutain of evidence that could save some   children   so a few can say what....they have a marriage which is as you say no different than civil union. I vote no. I choose to listen to evidence and base my decisions on that overwhelming argument that children are not better off, even in danger if placed in same-sex homes and not listen to the the, "" because I want it"", pissing and moaning of adults desperately attempting to justify their lifestyle choices by adopting innocent unsuspecting children. I say no."	AGAINST
974	gayRights	Yes, reality is much tougher than idealism.  That is the precise reason I take my position on many issues.I obviously would prefer a same-sex couple taking care of a child to a single parent or no parent.  I want what is best for each child.  The issue I have, though, is that elevating same-sex marriage to be the same as traditional marriage further denies the inherent differences between the sexes (the denial of which has already damaged society) and denies the ability of society to say that, wherever possible, a traditional married couple is preferred over all other options because of its proven superiority as a method of raising children.  Denying that denies 4000 years+ of human experience and basic science.  Acknowledging it accepts reality and places an ideal for a flawed society to strive towards.	AGAINST
975	gayRights	"...in this ""debate"" is the state that   children   typically are in when they come to same-sex parents for foster care or   adoption  . My   kids   had been in and out of foster care eight times before they were permanently placed with us. My husband and I had to address years of abusive behavior, domestic violence that had been witnessed in previous homes, etc., with our kids. All of those things happened during their critical formative years, and the damage of all of them is difficult, if not impossible, to undo completely. And this is just one of many realities that Focus dismisses, ignores or rationalizes to support its political interests. If Focus were truly concerned about the welfare of kids, it would devote resources to placing more of them in loving homes rather than trying to undermine the ability of GLBT parents to be good parents to their foster and adoptive kids.Let's be clear: I didn't make my kids. A heterosexual couple did. And that same couple abused, neglected and ultimately abandoned them. They are my children and my husband's children now. And we are ""serving their best interests"" in ways that have literally meant salvation for them both. Focus and other far-right, anti-gay groups continually distort data regarding gay and lesbian parents to the degree that to call them ""experts"" in this area is like calling the Klan experts in race relations. "	FAVOR
976	gayRights	Being gay alone is wrong, so to become united in marriage with someone of the same sex is wrong.  According to my religious beliefs I beleive that people who are married should have a family and reproduce.  This is only possible if a man and a woman are married, so I believe that same sex marriage should not be allowed.	AGAINST
977	gayRights	"No obviously I don't think the state has the right to force churches to marry gays. If they want to be intolerant that is their business. However in a similar vein I do think all religions should lose their tax exempt status. Because I think it violates the Lemon Test decided in Lemon v. Kurtzman for testing the violation of the establishment clause of the First Amendment. It forces the government to decide which religions are legitimate and this ""needlessly entangles the government in religion."" Furthermore all of the money that is lost in exempt taxes from churches does not benefit the entire country, only members of that religion. Yes money that goes to charity benefits everyone, but then only that money should be deducted from their taxes and they should pay tax on the rest. This also fails the Lemon Test because again it forces the government to decide which religions are legitimate and worthy of tax exemption.So for you is the second best option allowing gays to be married or do you jump straight from only civil unions for all to no gay marriages?"	FAVOR
978	gayRights	"Let me dissect a few points that opponents of gay marriage often bring up:-Gay marriage will lead to more homosexuals by legitimizing the gay lifestyle. A Swedish study published last month showed that gay men and women consistently displayed a brain structure that resembled that of the opposite sex. You see, one of the hemispheres of a woman's brain is slightly bigger than the other, while in men the hemispheres are the same size, which has long been known to be a reliable way to tell apart the sexes physically (besides the really obvious ways) Gay men had brains that resembled a woman's brain and vice versa for lesbian women. This basically proves irrefutably that homosexuality is not a so-called ""lifestyle choice"", but a born-in trait, determined in the womb. -Gay parenting will create screwed up kids by denying them a father or mother figure.  Yes! This is why we, as a society, do not allow single mothers to raise kids. It's just not healthy. I'd do more, but I'm out of room."	FAVOR
979	gayRights	Let's stay on subject, okay? Saying that two people who love each other can't get married because it will open the door for other groups is a ridiculous argument. By that logic we should get rid of marriage altogether, this way none of that can happen.Just because an institution is old doesn't mean it shouldn't be changed. Actually, the fact that it is so old is even more of a reason for it to change. Our thinking has advanced since then and our institutions should reflect that . Homosexuals aren't asking anyone to change their way of life...they just want the same rights that everyone else has: the right to marry who they love.So allow me to repeat the question you failed to answer: How can gay marriage hurt any one?	FAVOR
980	gayRights	"Okay, I'm pretty sure you didn't understand what I was saying the first time. I will take the blame for this because I probably didn't word it clearly. Allow me to try again.People (and many species of animals) live in groups. People whose groups survive are able to pass on their genes. Those genetic traits which help the society as a whole to survive, are passed along. Therefore, if some homosexuality helps a group to survive and homosexuality is somehow genetic, then those groups with genes that cause a certain percentage of the population to be homosexual, will survive. In this way nature does ""see"" the effect of one person on another.In your second paragraph you argue that complex process, that can only be understood by intelligence, require an intelligent designer. I respect you as a debater, so I will not call your logic fucking retarded. Instead, I will point out that there are many process that exist, which are complicated, but also have natural explanations. The concept of quantum physics is complicated, so is planetary formation and biology...however each of these process has a natural explanation that can be ""proven"" by science. One could argue that all of these things came about by magic...but one may also want to repeat fourth grade science and leave the thinking to the adults.Third Paragraph: I talked about homosexual siblings helping their brothers reproduce. I got this from the video I posted. I have been able to find no other source for it... so I will not claim it to be fact. Nevertheless, as you said, religion helped not because it increased reproduction, but because it was beneficial to the societies survival (i.e. people didn't kill each other). Couldn't homosexuality have the same effect? If a percentage of the population being homosexual bonded the society in some way, wouldn't this be beneficial as well? This has been seen in animal populations.... although obviously not humans.As far as your argument that homosexuality causes a break in the genetic chain, and therefore wouldn't be passed on... please check out these lnks 1 and 2. They both talk about how the more older brothers you have, the more likely it is you're a homosexual. This means that the genes of homosexuals are still likely to be passed on through their older siblings, even though not directly.Finally we arrive at your most offensive argument, where you call homosexuals ""freaks of nature"". I would rage way to hard if I tried to respond to this claim myself, so please check out this site which addresses your argument that homosexuality somehow is a way to stop ""bad"" genes from passing on."	FAVOR
981	gayRights	Either you have created multiple accounts to upvote this kind of crap, or a few people in this site are in a mood for some old style queer-bashing.Either way, if what your bible states is true, then you and your buddies will be sucking some serious Satan cock when you die.	FAVOR
982	gayRights	"It is dangerous to argue that we as humans know God's intent. To simply state ""God's original intent is..."" is simply an opinion, not a fact. These statements have been used throughout history, but are based more in traditions than in factual evidence. Several opinions about ""God's intent"" have shown to be false.At one time people believed that God did not create all races equal and that slavery is acceptable. This is very easy to be supported Biblically, for there is a consistent opinion throughout scripture that slaves must submit to their master, and the Bible states ""slaves are property."" Nowhere in the Bible is slavery condemned. If you believe owning another person as property is wrong, you will not be able to   support   that Biblically. It was believed that   women   were not created equal to men and women have a lower mental capacity than men; women must submit to men. People argued God separated the races for a reason and therefore races should not intermarry. There are Bible verses that, when taken literally, support all of these statements.The churched condemned Galileo as a heretic because he said the earth revolved around the sun. Their understanding was that God created the earth and put humans on it. Therefore, the earth must be the center of the universe. Many well respected religious such as John Calvin and Martin Luther quoted scripture against Galileo. They could not get past their understanding of God's Intent.We cannot know God's original intent and therefore cannot use this as an argument."	FAVOR
983	gayRights	I say yes just because homosexuality falls under the same category as lust, doesn't it? I haven't gotten far in the bible (it's so boring) but I'm not aware of anything, yet, about it saying anything bad about man with man. Otherwise, in the world of religion, it's probably a sin, but in reality, not in my opinion, because I don't believe in sins. :-)	FAVOR
984	gayRights	Ã’The Equal Rights Amendment was ratified July 28, 1868.Ã“That is the 14th amendment to the   constitution  .  The proposed amendment commonly known as the Equal Rights Amendment (ERA) was first proposed in 1923 and was not ratified by the needed deadline in 1982, it was reintroduced this year.I surely hope that hallelujachorus was not referring to the 14th, which was part of the sequence of amendments and laws that abolished slavery and granted civil rights to all US citizens.	FAVOR
985	gayRights	"Many US military leaders favor homosexuals serving openly. Lawrence J. Korb. ""The Costs of Don't Ask Don't Tell"". Center for American Progress. March 2, 2009 - ""[Opposition to ""don't ask don't tell is] shared by those in the upper ranks of the military as well. General John M. Shalikashvili, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff when the 'DonÃ•t Ask, DonÃ•t Tell' policy was enacted, no longer supports the policy. He now believes that allowing gay men and women to serve openly in the military would no longer create intolerable tension among personnel or undermine cohesion."""	FAVOR
986	gayRights	"I'm a HUGE believer in the understanding of epi-geneticism and how your completely aren't bound into your genes.  But even if you WERE bound into your genes?  WHERE is this ""homosexual chromosome""? The entire idea of a ""Gay Gene"" is the most wretchedly absurd thing I've ever encountered or even heard of in my entire life.  You genes only understand replication -- pure, straight-forward reproductive replication.  That's the purpose of our genes.  Our genes, our most rudimentary architect are designed to keep us alive and replicate themselves.  From an evolutionary point of view (which is the ONLY POV that your genes ""know"" homo-sexuality.  There's no possible way anyone's genes could EVER know   homosexuality   simply because that defies their very intention and nature (that of surviving and replicating).  So what does cause the sensation of homosexuality or the illusion of homosexuality in people?  Lower female sexual arousal.  Socetial, familial, social, historical incidents that caused a person to associate arousal and sex and attraction on a superficial level to the same sex.  But all of those are just superficial mental confusions or temporary experimentations.  Deep down (to our genes) we're all heterosexual.  Saying that people are gay genetically is like saying ""Well, some cars are meant to just jiggle in place and not move."" The purpose of a car is to provide transportation, just like the purpose of genes is to provide life and replicate.  If a certain contraption doesn't move forward or a bit of cellular   technology   doesn't create survival and replicate, you can't call those respectively, a car or genetic material.Now the arguments of the church are ABSURD.  IF (and this is a strong IF because we know from above genetic evidence that this is not true)  there was some way that someone could be genetically born to be gay, and this is purely hypothetical because we know what not to be true, but hypothetically if someone were genetically gay then outlawing a genetically-defined state would be absolutely absurd and akin to saying to people that they had to collect their sweat and consume it after perspiring."	AGAINST
987	gayRights	but we must be careful when we use the word love because as you and I know they mean very different things in different contexts.  The Bible is full of examples where people love eachother and are not married.  However, this love is not sexual.  Do not then presume (please) that I mean that no intimate human partnerships or relationsihps should occur outside of marriage- that is simply not Biblical or true.  In this case, according to definintion of complementarianisim you offered, I am not a complementarian.  Beyond the possibility of marriage great emotional and social needs and longings are met through parents, siblings, family, best friends, friends, partners, groups, classmates, co-workers, the church, small groups and so forth.  All kinds of human relationships can develop the capacity for intimaciy and in more extreme circumstances partnership.  This is all good and decent granted the realtionships have a realtive level of health; i.e. not subject to co-dependency, violent, or otherwise harmful to the people invovled in those relationships.  What is reserved for marriage though is the fullness of sexual union as embodied in sexual union.  That is, although intimate partnerships and/or relationships happen between people they are not open to sexual union because that specific gift to humanity is reserved for the covenent and relationship of marriage.  There is a difference between what I am advocating, from the Bible, than what you are claiming I am saying.  Unfortunatly I must make a leave now so I will not be able to give a more adequate response to your comment at this time although I did read the two articles you linked and will respond at a later time.  God's peace be upon you,Spencer	AGAINST
988	gayRights	"I do believe Jesus discussed homosexuality,(Romans 1:24-27) but not in the way the ""Expert"" is saying.  He is strongly against homosexuality, as he says in many verses. It is a sin.  Also, ""eunuch"" means a guy with out testicles or testicles that do not function properly. In no way was he reffering to someone 'Born' gay. He simply ment just that. Someone who was born without testicles that do not function properly. They would feel less superior and be less likely to take in what he was saying. "	AGAINST
989	gayRights	It can't. It's a free choice, it's not like married gay people are out to get us and murder us in our sleep. I honestly don't know why everyone makes such a fuss about it I MEAN HONESTLY. GOODNESS. That's kind of discrimination.	FAVOR
990	gayRights	But maybe someone else did. I recognize your right to believe in any god you choose, but I do ask that you also recognize others' rights to believe (or not) as they wish, and that therefore turning religion into law goes against a basic human right to choose not to believe in a religion.  If your intent is to convince others that same-sex marriage is wrong, you will do better if you rely on logic rather than faith.	FAVOR
991	gayRights	"Since the bible is interpreted in many ways, translated in numerous versions and how the old law does not apply to ChristiansÃ‘then no, homosexuality is not a sin.  Why do religious zealots constantly tell homosexuals that theyÃ•re committing a sin by loving another person of the same gender?  What about the woman sitting in the pew next to them who has been divorced, yet remarried again while her husbandÃ•s still alive?  ItÃ•s adultery.  People are judging based upon their interpretation of the bible, which ultimately separates people. The old law is just that: old.  Look at Galatians chapter two verses 17 through 21:""But what if we seek to be made right with God through faith in Christ and then find out that we are still sinners? Has Christ led us into sin? Of course not! Rather, I make myself guilty if I rebuild the old system I already tore down. For when I tried to keep the law, I realized I could never earn GodÃ•s approval. So I died to the law so that I might live for God. I have been crucified with Christ. I myself no longer live, but Christ lives in me. So I live my life in this earthly body by trusting in the Son of God, who loved me and gave himself for me. I am not one for those who treats the grace of God as meaningless. For if we could be saved by keeping the law, then there was no need for Christ to die. That one sentence says it all: {Ã’For if we could be saved by keeping the law, then there was no need for Christ to die.Ã“}Then you have this passage:Ã’You and I are Jews by birth, not Ã”sinnersÃ• like the Gentiles. And yet we Jewish Christians know that we become right with God, not by doing what the law commands, but by faith in Jesus Christ. So we have believed in Christ Jesus, that we might be accepted by God because of our faith in Christ-and not because we have obeyed the law. ***For no one will ever be saved by obeying the law.***Ã“ ~Galatians 2:15-16Relying on JesusÃ• sacrifice is why love between two people is not wrong. The Old Law no longer binds us.Then, the ex-gay woman chucked this scripture at me:Ã’DonÃ•t you know that those who do wrong will have no share in the Kingdom of God? DonÃ•t you fool yourselves. Those who indulge in sexual sin, who are idol worshipers, adulterers, male prostitutes, homosexuals, thieves, greedy people, drunkards, abusers, and swindlers---none of these will have a share in the Kingdom of God.Ã“ Corinthians 6:9-11They cherry picked that one and left the second part of that scripture out. It finishes off like this:Ã’There was a time when some of you were just like that, (before Christ), but now your sins have been washed away, and you have been set apart for God. You have been made right with God because of what the Lord Jesus Christ and the Spirit of our God have done for you.Ã“If itÃ•s Ã’stillÃ“ an abomination, then put down the shrimp scampi, because weÃ•re all going hell anyway, as Ã’religiousÃ“ people will have it.     www.dtrant.blogspot.com   "	FAVOR
992	gayRights	"I wish they could. I think many gay couples would be much better parent than a lot of heterosexual couples; you can't really have an ""accident"" if you're gay. But, I have been a kid and I know that children are extremely cruel. The adopted child of a gay couple would likely be put through a living hell by his peers."	AGAINST
993	gayRights	"You should care. What if the kid thinks that everyone has two Daddies or two mommies. How are they going to adequately explain the ""birds and the bees?"""	AGAINST
994	gayRights	" And I believe based on all the literature Ive read and the behaviors Ive seen and experienced from the homosexual community is the only reason, besides the sad attempt to destroy the concept of a moral institution we call holy matrimony, is to adopt little   children  . You say you doubt that the men I mentioned above could all be homosexual,despite their own admissions and sexual appetities, but you are very wrong, they were, by all standards set by those in the homosexual community are homosexual according to the misguided information that   homosexuality   is not a choice to be made but a born condition,something that despite the fact we have free will they have no CONTROL over and are subject to its every whim, despite genetic proof, so if anyone did live out their homosexual fantasies that would make them homosexual by definition of the homosexual community. However, I find it upsurd that so along as the lines of are obscenely defined by the homosexual community that the definition of homosexuality becomes fluidly convienent when they wish to undermine a practicing homosexual. How they can find some loophole that excludes a persons sexuality, in these cases, homosexuality from ""true"" homosexuality, which is, a whole new class they could teach our children in school , oh yes children you can practice homosexuality and not really be a true one of us unless we give you your own card as proof of your TRUE homosexuality. It appears that whatever they desire to use as the current up to the minute  definition of homosexuality even if that definition holds absolutely no medical or scientific basis is taken as fact. Now lets let these individuals that make up this pseudo-sexuality teach our young boys how to dress like woman and maybe someday our enemies will say on the news.....WE GOT AMERICA BY GETTING THEIR CHILDREN!! I dont know, just a mother who witnessed the   murder   of a 17 yo boy trying to fight for his life when a homosexual man tried to rape him..oh yah and they attacked me."	AGAINST
995	gayRights	yes! you rock gay people. they are no different than we are. if to men want to marry each other, go for it	FAVOR
996	gayRights	"The majority of Chinese citizens thought foot binding made a beautiful foot, and women accepted the corset.That it's currently a societal norm means little to nothing on its being ""good."""	FAVOR
997	gayRights	Point! I should have said later; you're right. Developmental scientists don't and haven't nailed themselves down. ...but the biggest two proven influences are a. prenatal hormones and b. genes. By the time you're born, then, those two factors are done. There's been nothing solid to prove or uphold early childhood experiences.	FAVOR
998	gayRights	FTA:In America:13% reported more homosexual than heterosexual contactThat's almost 10 times more.	FAVOR
999	gayRights	"""Don't ask don't tell"" is a necessary compromise in a divided country. ""Don't ask don't tell"" was crafted in the early 90s, when the country and the military were deeply divided as to whether gays should be allowed to serve openly in the military. The country remains deeply divided on this question. ""Don't ask don't tell"" strikes an appropriate compromise in this divided environment, avoiding overt approval of homosexuality in the military, while accommodating it."	AGAINST
1000	gayRights	" The quality of parenting should not be a factor in legalizing gay marriage, as it is not a legal factor in ordinary marriages  Many characteristics of individuals would lead one to believe that there is a high probability that they will be bad parents, but this cannot cause the state to ban these individuals from becoming married parents. Neither should it for gay couples."	FAVOR
1001	gayRights	Well, great. I had never heard Mark Twain's quote. Put simply, that is exactly what America should aim for. We call ourselves the country of equal opportunity, and slowly we are becoming just that. To each his own.	FAVOR
1002	gayRights	""" at least I can back up my beliefs.""revelation from God vs a television show. Hmmm. I chose not to watch that video because I have already seen it. Do you really think that I take everything from the bible literally and blindly? Because if you do then you are a fool. Do you know where those quotes are from Exactly? I would like to know what books they are from within the bible, and what the situation was. Looks like you blindly took those to garner support. Then why should a lesbian be forced to marry a man? Haha really!? I don't remember saying anything about forcing marriage on people. Do you?Your definition of family is equally bullshit. Oh really? How so exactly?Once again Arrogant.I want to tell me exactly what law my church made against black people? Or wanted to make. Once again I am not a fool and I am not denying people rights. Now lets take the religion out of this, why should we change the definition of marriage for a select few?Give me a reason why homosexuals should raise children. And I'm tired of hearing about that friend of yours, give me an actual reason. You are the one who wants change you should have to answer my question first. I doubt you will so just go watch the west wing and be a little follower of the media."	AGAINST
1003	gayRights	"     The late Pope John Paul II was noted for quoting often the phrase ""Christ...fully reveals man to himself.""  from ""Gaudium et Spes.""  In the Christian tradition God and his commands are not ""up there"" far away in some Platonic other but right here, now in the present among us.  God came to Abram, his glory dwelt on Mt. Sinai with Moses, John the Baptist preached ""the Kingdom of God is at hand,"" Jesus, ""it is among us"" and Jesus the Christ himself is the incarnation of God.  God's Word came present not ""up there"" but in time, in history, in the lives and languages of a real culture of and society amongst real individuals.       Universal moral law is only true in so much as it is indeed universal and based in the common good.  Not the good of an individual or a group but as it is the good for all.  In order for this to be so it must somehow exist ontologically in its own right, objectively and not in the will of man for the will of man is not only corrupt but subjective.  In this case the only moral law that can actually be true and universal is that law which is given from God.  Any other attempt for man to construct there own law, there own morals, there own understanding of right and wrong, good and evil is in fact from the evil one.  To do so would nuance the falsity that we are god, or anyway like God.  (see Genesis 3).  Rather God calls us into relationship with him not only because it is the good for us to do but because it is the purpose for which we are created.  God not only calls us to himself as an action of doing but as an action of being because it is who we are, after all God calls us into being.       How is it reconciled then, that we as humans need a morality that is actually attainable that isn't beyond our reach  that is as you said ""for people.""  God knows that his law is to high for people to achieve (see Romans 7).  This is precisely why he came not as other but as man and in doing so made the way for man to experience not only holiness and righteousness (as accorded by his law) but true peace with God and right relationship with him.  Jesus' humanity is evidence that it is possible and he is the way to our eternal Father, our divine Creator.  Jesus affords the way we must choose weather one will take that, accept God's offer of freedom and redemption or continue to neglect him and his holiness by living in sin.  Societies likewise, can compromise the truth and go on living ""as every man sees fit"" with the illusion of justice by ""living and letting live."" But dies this ""live and let live"" really provide true justice?  What about the injustice of psychological distress within a man, is this accounted for? Not because ""live and let live"" only accounts for interpersonal relationship not the inner justice of man.  Or how about acts of ""so called freedom"" that actually bring further bondage?  Are they ok if only consent is given?  Prostitution, fornication, drunkenness, consumerism?  All of these things go on under the guise of false justice, ie. live and let live, but in reality they continue to demean the integrity and intrinsic value of the human person.  The justice based in the reality that all men are created  equal is the justice of God for he has endowed men with such unalienable rights as life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.  Each human person, all men, all women, those who believe they are homosexual and those who do not, those born, those unborn, those dying they are all worth so much to God that he he gave his only begotten son to die that whosoever believes in him will not perish but have everlasting, full, life.  Christ speaks the freeing word, the word of liberty over all those who call on his name as they become who they truly are before sin and bondage and oppression came to foul our fallen race.  Jesus saves.  Jesus calls us to our original purpose, he is the fulfillment of our happiness.  True morality and justice accounts to the full truth of the human being and human experiance accroding to him who knows all things and all things about us, according to him who walked among us and made a way for real people, and who calls us into realtionship with him and gives us to the power to live holy, lives of right action and right being by putting His Spirit in those who believe in him.  This Spirit is the Lord the giver of life, who reigns with the Father and the Son, One God overall, for all, in love with all.  including you friend,Peace,Spencer"	AGAINST
1004	gayRights	While the teachings of the Church are clear that homosexuality is unnatural, to make blanket statements that Ã’the followers of the Catholic Church believe that homosexuality is wrongÃ“ is not only false, but, as a Catholic, one that I take personal offense to.  The Church is one of the largest religious denominations in the world, among Christians and among all faiths, encompassing over one billion people.  There are many faucets of Catholicism unique to the faith, but, even though public deviation is not well tolerated, dissent does occur, even in the church hierarchy.  As for the faith of the laypeople, it is often a personal matter and faith does not necessary lay contingent on complete adherence to dogma, but rather the belief of at least the core principles of Catholicism.I believe that is the will of God that we should respect other peoplesÃ• religious beliefs, and that to join Church and State at any level would be to force, in this case, the Catholic faith upon all people of the United States.  I think it is un-Christian and un-Catholic to do such a thing, and so I invite you to give a logical, not theological, argument against gay marriage.	FAVOR
1005	gayRights	Well, much of that argument is outside the scope of the debate. What would I do? Well, I, personally, wouldn't like it. But that doesn't mean it's wrong. That's where I think many people are missing the point. They aren't drawing the line between what they like and what is right.	FAVOR
1006	gayRights	"The sexuality of parents has no effects on a child's future life. American Psychological Association (Resolution on Sexual Orientation, Parents, and Children) ""There is no scientific evidence that parenting effectiveness is related to parental sexual orientation: lesbian and gay parents are as likely as heterosexual parents to provide supportive and healthy environments for their children""; and ""research has shown that the adjustment, development, and psychological well-being of children is unrelated to parental sexual orientation and that the children of lesbian and gay parents are as likely as those of heterosexual parents to flourish."""	FAVOR
1007	gayRights	"I think Gay marriage does affect our society. Back in the day There weren't gay people because it was unthinkable. Who Would like another man/woman? But now more and more its being free and open. I saw youtube video for a 14 year old kid. He said in his video ""I think I want to be gay"" I don't know I don't want to be like everyone else. He's right that its a personal choice but he took it so lightly. Thanks to the media. What if this kid was your son? I'm not against gay people at all. Just how it affects people that would have been straight."	AGAINST
1008	gayRights	Here is the Link I forgot to include in my previous post. It quotes the Babylonian Talmud to prove what ancient Jews believed about the sin of Sodom...      	FAVOR
1009	gayRights	"Wow, those are some bold ""statistics"" you've presented.  Any chance you can link us to the documentation that shows the percentage of homosexuals amongst circumcised males, sexually abused children and lower class income people?  My first reaction is that is totally bogus information, so if you can back that up with some actually scientific research, that would be helpful.If I made some assumptions from what you've said, then most (over 50%?) of men in America must be homosexuals, because most males born in the US are circumsized.  One could also assume that blacks make up a large percentage of lower income families, so most blacks are homosexual.  So the odds of a black man being heterosexual in America, must be pretty slim!!  But then, as we recently saw in California, most blacks voted for prop 8, so I'm guessing most blacks aren't homosexual, and it's just my guess, but I'd think most American men are also heterosexual.There have been some scientific studies that are finding some evidence of genetic predisposition, but they are not conclusive either.  It wont surprise me a bit if in 10-20 years they've found more evidence.BUT I whole heartedly agree with your last paragraph, that you can't change a person's orientation once established."	AGAINST
1010	gayRights	"Quoting the passage that we can not judge is taking a text out of context. The Bible states that in order to judge you have to take the speck from your eye in order to judge correctly. And does not Paul state in his letter to corinthians: ""Do you not know that the saints will judge the world? And if you are to judge the world, are you not competent to judge trivial cases?""I know many people that has changed his homosexual behaviour. Maybe they continue struggling with the attractions, but their acts state they want to change. Another one may be tempted to use drugs or abuse of alcohol. But if he doesn't use them, can we say he is an addict of a drunk? The same is for people with unwanted homosexual desires which live a heterosexual life. Encouraging those who live a homosexual lifestyle doesn't help them."	AGAINST
1011	gayRights	Parents are people who are legally married who actually love each other and their children and who stay together. Not just gay sex partners.	AGAINST
1012	gayRights	The ADF is not objecting to the fact that children so far in our limited research have done well with two parents.  In a situation where there is a loving same-sex couple willing to adopt a child that otherwise would have no family, that choice is obvious.The issue lies with Lambda Legal's refusal to acknowledge the ADF's point.  Allowing same-sex marriage makes a statement to society, whether you agree or not, that a male parent and a female parent is no longer ideal.  It deprives a child of the inherent right to have a mother and a father as an ideal family.  Once a society removes that distinction, it can no longer say that a child should have a mother and father if possible instead of a same-sex set of parents.At heart is the fact that this denies the scientifically documented (as if we needed it) differences between men and women.  Removing that ideal of both sexes from a child's upbringing deprives them of exposure to both sexes and denies that that makes any difference.	AGAINST
1013	gayRights	"""ok, so if there is a divorce those people are no longer parents?"" -not necessarily""If there is a death of a parent?"" -no""You are defining a family in a very narrow sense.""Yes, I am because I know that a family is a very important and sacred thing that should not be altered in any way. Family is the most important thing in life."	AGAINST
1014	gayRights	I am convinced many anti-gay Christians intentionally misrepresent what the Bible says. Its not difficult to discover what Jewish believers wrote and taught about shrine prostitutes thousands of years ago.But since ancient Jewish teaching does not fit with current  anti-gay teaching in so many churches, they prefer to ignore the truth or misrepresent it, hoping no one will notice.NEWSFLASH!!! We've noticed!!!Ancient Jewish writers frequently linked same sex shrine prostitution with the prohibitions in Leviticus 18:22 and 20:13.For example, every passage in the Bible which is alleged to prohibit same sex partnerships, when read in doctrinal or historical context, is always referring to shrine prostitution. The human authors of the Bible did this intentionally because they were not referring to homosexuality in general and they most assuredly were not referring to female-female partnerships since those partnerships are never prohibited in the Old Testament.            Philo, the Alexandrian Jewish writer was a contemporary of Jesus and the Apostle Paul. Philo believed that Moses' use of arsenos koiten in Leviticus 20:13 referred to shrine prostitution.    God bless you in your search for truth.Rick Brentlinger    	FAVOR
1015	gayRights	"The writer for Exodus wrote, ""the biblical definition of Ã’sinÃ“ means Ã’to miss the markÃ“ or Ã’to wander from the law of God."" I think that Rick Brick Brentlinger would adhere wholeheartedly with that definition. However, we disagree with Exodus as to what God's law is.There is a difference between God's Law in the Old Testament and God's law in the New Testament isn't there? The New Covenant, that the prophet Jeremiah predicted (Jeremiah 31v31-34), is now in force, and the Mosaic Law no longer applies to Christians. That's why Christians eat pork.But what law does apply. Is it not what the apostle James called ""The Royal law,"" and ""The Law of Liberty"" (James 1v25, 2v8), ""Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.""The Old Mosiac Laws, which were necessary for Israel at the time of Moses, were made redundant after Pentecost. The believer of the gospel is personally redeemed to God, regenerated, and filled with his Spirit, and laws that have nothing to do with love, nothing to do with the Royal law, are no longer relevant.When other Christians lambast me for my long-term committed and faithful relationship with my Partner, I ask them, ""How am I breaking the Royal Law?"""	FAVOR
1016	gayRights	I think you misunderstood the list. It is a list of animals in which portions of the population exhibit homosexual behavior. The percentages vary widely, and usually there are sections of the population that are also bisexual, in addition to those sections who appear to be exclusively homosexual.In all of these populations, there are obviously significant sections (usually the majority) of the population which are heterosexual, because, as you said, they couldn't survive as a species otherwise.	FAVOR
1017	gayRights	I agree. My story at   www.hope7.highpowersites.com  Its not an option Prop. 8 must be upheld and traditional marriage must be protected. I will never accept anything else as defined as marriage.	AGAINST
1018	gayRights	Jake, why should anyone lighten up? You're doing a pretty good job venting your point of view, why shouldn't others?	AGAINST
1019	gayRights	Easier != what is rightAlso that's a pretty crappy way to describe it as forcing equality down everyone's throats.Slavery being illegal was forced down everyone's throats, women's suffrage was forced down everyone's throats, but that doesn't make it bad.	AGAINST
1020	gayRights	"It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that being   gay   just means being human. The ""Yes"" argument conists of ""Well, isn't it obvious gays are evil?"". *Shakes head*"	FAVOR
1021	gayRights	"Logical minds think in a specific way. If something can be proven by facts then it exists. In this case there are NO facts to show that homosexuality is a genetic or chemical. Therefore it isn't a possibility for me to be making an ""entire arguement based off of ignorance"" since there are no facts to back up that assumption. I will happily buy into that logic or even give it a chance if there was ANY indication that it could exist. However there has been nothing but ""possibilities"" and theories in that line of thought.So how is information based on theories and possibilities any more IGNORANT than my claim? Really you have to do better than that! You need more than just a strong opinion to debate a topic like this!!"	AGAINST
1022	gayRights	"""Don't ask don't tell"" is not harming recruiting/retention. ""Bill targets 'don't ask, don't tell'"". USA Today. March 12, 2007 - ""Marine Maj. Stewart Upton, a Pentagon spokesman, says nearly 11,000 in war zones. 'We are enforcing the policy,' he says. 'We are not experiencing any problems with recruiting and retention.'"""	AGAINST
1023	gayRights	By saying homosexuaity is a sin I am not destroying God because God did not create homosexuality.  This is in part why homosexuality is a strong sign of rebellion against God in a society because it goes exactly against the created order and natural intention of the sexual gift.  Lastly, that was a case of begging the question because he was assuming the thing he was trying to prove, rational truth is higher than spiritual truth.  He elaborates, I see, in the next post so I give him credit.  Thanks for taking the time to read Betty.  Peace be with you,Spencer	AGAINST
1024	gayRights	"""Trust me thats the one aspect of   nursing   I can tell you with full certainty that hospitals and   doctors   give all considerations to the patients and their partners, no matter who that partner is, so the story you gave will very emotional is still incorrect.""Yet you trot out the same tired bits of anecdotal evidence in virtually every argument you make about homosexuals.  Since gay couples cannot get married they do not have protection from discrimination IF a hospital decides not to allow visitation...""Just because you sleep with someone does not automatically make you the number one person in that persons   legal   and moral life! You cant force a Holy God to accept what isnt right and you cant force people to accept it either.And I should know because I am that person.""What God accepts as right (or not right) is not a sound basis for legal rights.  Not everyone believes in the Christian God (many don't believe in any God(s)).The difference between a couple having an affair and a homosexual couple is that IF both people in the affair want to share legal rights then they can get married (after a divorce from their other   marriage  (s)).  Sates that deny homosexual marriage do not allow homosexual couples that same right...You don't have to accept a homosexual union... you are free to treat them like they are not married, but as far as the LAW is concerned they should enjoy the same protections as any other couple."	FAVOR
1025	gayRights	Struggling with homosexuality is not necessarily a sin. The sin is actually giving into those desires both mentally and physically. As a former homosexual, I can say that even though I felt the attracted to the same sex, from an early age, I can tell you, I was not born gay. As a matter of fact, I know gay men that have told me they don't believe they were born gay, and still live in that lifestyle. Something that I noticed gay men struggle with is seeing themselves as the men that they were born as. I've asked a couple guys living in that lifestyle, about if they felt like men (even at an early age) and if they ever felt like they had to measure up to what they feel being a man is ( I know that was my case and as I mentioned before, plus I've asked other men who live in the gay lifestyle, and they could relate to me). Another thing that is important to consider is the issue of envy. I believe The reason of why I liked certain kinds of men was because I they happened to have some sort of physical or intellectual feature that I wanted to have, but felt like I didn't have. For example, let's say a certain man ( dealing with homosexuality) wants to have darker skin. He will (most likely) be attracted to men that have darker skin. Now that doesn't mean that he will never feel attracted to someone that has lighter skin, since they might have something that they want to have (physically or mentally).	AGAINST
1026	gayRights	If, on a supernatural level, lust of any sort counts the same consummated or unconsummated, why not just go ahead and consummate. You can't get in any worse trouble, and if it makes you happy...	AGAINST
1027	gayRights	Well thank you for the short but kind comment. I do appreciate the support! =)	AGAINST
1028	gayRights	from the Bible, or from scientific studies, showing that the devil is behind   homosexuality  .	AGAINST
1029	gayRights	will keep going!Viva la   traditional marriage  .	AGAINST
1030	gayRights	here's how Google translated it, but it's very understandable, and I couldn't agree more, Sam!  Having also tasted the intense pain of rejection, the frustration that comes from the last two moves me comments at the highest point, however, the substantive issue is not to deny homosexuals the right to respect and filial love the common to all humans, but what is the nature of moral sexual behavior they adopt. In this chapter, unless a   legal   hole, there is one judge who is heard, a single reference that is credible God. Regardless of my sexual attraction of departure, I assure you that I align, or reform, on what God tells me, the human opinions contrary have no value to me face to hers. But God exists, with or without the help of id ÂŽes Darwin, otherwise the atomic particles that we have made no beginning or end, which is quite irrational. And since God exists and is ultimately responsible for our existence, it is necessary that we have spoken to in terms that are understandable, since the first being having received from him the ability to reflect on the origin of its existence. In this regard, the Judeo-Christian scriptures have no serious competitor. This is not a question of lack of respect for human rights, but   law   enforcement Divine	AGAINST
1031	gayRights	Sure, but it beats the hell out of me why a gay would want to marry a lesbian :-P	FAVOR
1032	gayRights	Fundamentally same sex marriage is based on the rejection of the other sex. It is not in the interest of society to support that concept.Discussing if an abandoned child would be better in a same sex home than whitout a home missing the point and the long term consequences.It is the same with divorces. We cant use the exceptions to justify them because we ended up with no fault divorces laws and broke the heart of 42 millions children. Some of them after seeing their parents separating are now choosing the homosexual lifestyle. And now we are discussing same sex marriages. We need ot go back to the causes and stop trying to fix the symptoms.	AGAINST
1033	gayRights	 People don't choose to be gay! If people are saying its wrong to be born gay, its like saying its wrong to be born a certain race. Also how is natural birth can possibliy be morally wrong?	FAVOR
1034	gayRights	Sorry, I totally misunderstood you.  I apologize from the bottom of my hard drive.  :)Yes, kitty is wearing what some consider to be a lime helmet, but what I suspect is most likely a Pummelo (or Pomelo).  Thanks for the info.	FAVOR
1035	gayRights	All the Scriptures below remind us that we have a sinful nature, and because of this sinful nature we have inclinations of different kinds. (This is why Dr. Dobson mentioned that in some cases people do not choose to feel same sex attraction) To have an inclination does not mean that we cannot use our God given free will/choice to choose what is right; our ability to reason is not in vain, it is because God, our Creator, did not want us to be like robots; He tells us through the Scriptures what is pure, noble and right, but it is up to us what we choose, or how we want to interpret His word to fit our sinful natures and try to silence our consciences. No matter how many want to justify sin, in the end, sin is sin, and each one will receive what is due according to his/her deeds.  *Those who live according to the sinful nature have their minds set on what that nature desires; but those who live in accordance with the Spirit have their minds set on what the Spirit desires. Romans 8:5*Those controlled by the sinful nature cannot please God. Romans 8:8*Therefore, brothers, we have an obligationÃ‘but it is not to the sinful nature, to live according to it.  Romans 8:12*For if you live according to the sinful nature, you will die; but if by the Spirit you put to death the misdeeds of the body, you will live, because those who are led by the Spirit of God are sons of God. Romans 8:13*Therefore, God gave them over in the sinful desires of their hearts to sexual impurity for the degrading of their bodies with one another.  They exchanged the truth of God for a lie, and worshiped and served things rather than the CreatorÃ‘who is forever praised. Amen.  Because of this, God gave them over to shameful lust. EVEN THEIR WOMEN EXCHANGED NATURAL RELATIONS FOR UNNATURAL ONES. IN THE SAME WAY MEN ALSO ABANDONED NATURAL RELATIONS WITH WOMEN AND WERE INFLAMED WITH LUST FOR ONE ANOTHER. MEN COMMITTED   INDECENT ACTS WITH OTHER MEN, AND RECEIVED IN THEMSELVES THE DUE PENALTY FOR THEIR PERVERSION.  ROMANS 1:24-27 *Ã’If you hold to my teaching, you are really my disciples. Then you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.Ã“ John 8:31-32 *But God demonstrates his own love for us in this: while we were still sinners, Christ died for us. Romans 5:8  	AGAINST
1036	gayRights	I'm not forcing MY religion on anyone; I'm just stressing the teachings of Judaism and Christianity. And the last time I checked, Christians and Jews are still the largest group of people in the United States. (For those who couldn't tell, I was asking whether gay marriage should be legal in the U.S.)	AGAINST
1037	gayRights	If two consenting adults love each other and want to make a life long commitment of marriage they should be allowed to do so.	FAVOR
1038	gayRights	Who are you to speak for nature?You have no idea what nature intended. Everything you say is just a blind assumption.	FAVOR
1039	gayRights	"""I do believe Jesus discussed homosexuality, (Romans 1:24-27) but not in the way the ""Expert"" is saying. He is strongly against homosexuality, as he says in many verses. It is a sin.""The Romans 1:24-27 passage is frequently misused and abused today, especially by Christians who want to condemn gays and lesbians.It is impossible to understand Romans 1 until you factor in Cybele, the fertility goddess whose pagan temple loomed over first century Rome from atop the Palatine Hill.    What Paul describes is fertility goddess worship, not committed, faithful, same sex partnerships. To interpret Romans 1:24-27 as a condemnation of gays and lesbians rips the passage from its context of idolatry and idols and false worship.To interpret Romans 1:24-27 as condemning homosexuals is to ignore the cultural, historical and religious context Paul addressed when he wrote Romans.First century Christians in Rome were familiar with Cybele's temple because it loomed above the Circus Maximus. The temple was clearly visible and the religious parade every spring, led by the castrated galli priests was well-known to every citizen of Rome.To insist that Paul was addressing the issue of two women or two men who loved each other and wanted to spend their lives together but was not addressing shrine prostitution is a sad misunderstanding of history.Rick Brentlinger    "	FAVOR
1040	gayRights	"Let's examine what the companion passage to Mark 10, says, since Matthew 19 is the major passage used to clobber gay people on the topic of marriage.Matthew 19:3-12 deals with GodÃ•s view of heterosexual marriage and natural exceptions to heterosexual marriage as Jesus intended His followers to understand them. Jesus says some eunuchs are born that way, from their mother's womb. Jesus does not say born eunuchs enter the world with genital deformities. Instead, He makes a distinction between born eunuchs and eunuchs who have been physically castrated (suffered genital deformity) by illness or by men. Jesus also makes a clear distinction between born eunuchs and eunuchs who make a choice to voluntarily abstain from marriage, for the kingdom of heaven.In Matthew 19, Jesus cites Adam and Eve as the norm for marriage but carefully makes exception for people called eunuchs. According to Jesus, a eunuch is one who cannot receive His teaching about heterosexual marriage according to the Adam and Eve model. Jesus informs us that of the three classes of eunuchs, the first class is born that way. In other words, born eunuchs are not physically castrated and born eunuchs are not required to abstain from marriage with an orientation compatible partner. They are born eunuchs from their motherÃ•s womb, unable to receive JesusÃ• teaching about the Adam and Eve marriage model yet Jesus differentiates between them and castrated eunuchs and them and metaphysical eunuchs (eunuchs who make a personal decision not to marry).History demonstrates that what we call gay men today, were called eunuchs by our spiritual ancestors. In Matthew 19:12, Jesus very clearly says born eunuchs, what today we call homosexuals, were born that way.In case you doubt that born eunuchs were gay people, please note that Dr. Robert Gagnon, the leading anti-gay crusader of the twenty-first century, admits that:""Probably 'born eunuchs' in the ancient world did include people homosexually inclined...""When even Dr. Robert Gagnon, our most vociferous opponent, admits this historical fact, our argument is largely won.        "	FAVOR
1041	gayRights	Ã’Too much talk about something that is a biological mistake of nature.Ã“Describing   homosexuality   as a mistake is an interesting choice of terms.  It seems to represent a sound survival strategy for a species, by creating individuals who can care for young without producing young of their own.  This is similar to the survival advantage brought by menopause, where   women   lose their reproductive capability after it becomes unsafe for them to reproduceÃ‰ yet they are still able to care for   children  .Ã’If   homosexuals   were left to their own, literally, they would eventually cease to exist, unless within their confines they abandoned their sexual practices and reverted to normal reproductive sexual intercourse.Ã“It is true that if you were to place a population of homosexuals on an island and then come back in a hundred years you would likely not find anyone alive.  However this ignores the fact that homosexuals arise from within the heterosexual population, so even if you somehow isolated Ã”allÃ• the homosexuals there would still be new homosexuals being born.Ã’This being evident , homosexuality is clearly outside the norm (un-natural) opposing nature etc.Ã“How exactly does homosexuality go against nature?  Being outside the norm is far from un-natural, rather it is often an aspect of   evolution  .	FAVOR
1042	gayRights	"Actually, homosexuality could be argued to be an evolutionary benefit for a species that is overproducing. To help save us from our own over population of the planet the gays and lesbians may be the products of beneficial genes. So, your argument, from a ""scientific"" evolutionary point of view has failed to take this important point into account. Those who keep recklessly reproducing may be the perversions of natural biological laws, ever think about that?"	FAVOR
1043	gayRights	"Let me show you what Romans 1 says:So homosexuality is viewed as ""alright"" in this passage? That definitely is not the case. Here it says: ""For their women exchanged natural relations for those that are contrary to nature; 27 and the men likewise gave up natural relations with women and were consumed with passion for one another, men committing shameless acts with men and receiving in themselves the due penalty for their error.""So it states that ""homosexuality"" is not ""NATURAL"" and that the men also received the ""Due Penalty"" for their error (men and women committing ""unatural"" relations with same gender).It then goes onto say: "" 29 They were filled with all manner of unrighteousness, evil, covetousness, malice. They are full of envy, murder, strife, deceit, maliciousness. They are gossips, 30 slanderers, haters of God, insolent, haughty, boastful, inventors of evil, disobedient to parents, 31 foolish, faithless, heartless, ruthless. 32 Though they know God's decree that those who practice such things deserve to die, they not only do them but give approval to those who practice them.""Here it tells us that those who practiced ""unnatural relations"" with same gender, were filled with unrighteousness, evil, malice, etc. It says they also not only commit all these acts, but give approval to others to do the same. It says the ""God's decree"" to those who practice such things is to ""die.""So again, explain to me.... why is homosexuality not a sin? Do you know what the term sin means. Sin is essentially ""rebellion against God."" If God says that practicing same gender sex is against his decree, which means those who practice are ""rebelling against God's decree,"" therefore that means they are ""sinning."" It is simple logic. "	AGAINST
1044	gayRights	....I also think gross hairy men who walk around without their shirts on when they have bigger boobs than I should be illegal.  Oh... but wait.  I can't have opinions because those things are legal.  Right.  So I'll be forced to smile at the disgustingness or I'll be arrested for not agreeing with something that's legal - and by all right should be legal.Just because I - and probably a lot of other people - think that mullets are offensive and Keanu Reeves is a really bad actor doesn't mean that laws should be made to regulate such things.  Well, I might make an exception to this if it meant no more Reeves, but...  ehh.  Nothing prevents you having an opinion.	FAVOR
1045	gayRights	All of the people calling certain others hypocrites have obviously never heard of the old or new covenants within which certain things from the old are made obsolete gay marriage is not one of them.	AGAINST
1046	gayRights	I think the argument of sanctity of marriage is horrific.If you make yourself a loaf of bread and eat it day after day, will it taste any worse if someone else on another planet also gets to make his/her own loaf or bread and eat it?No it won't. Will the loaf you eat be any less nutritious if someone else on a remote planet also does the same?No.Ergo sanctity of marriage is nothing but jealousy of marriage in disguise. You only want marriage for yourself so you can have something that someone else doesn't.GROW UP KIDS! That kind of behaviours is criticized in kindergarten when a bully wants to have a playground ride only to himself.Not that I support marriage, I just support everyone's right to call their bond marriage. It's such a stupid trivial childish crap, but since people take is seriously, then I suppose I have to too.[edit]Hmm, I already used that argument on some other debate, except that I used beans instead of bread.	FAVOR
1047	gayRights	Well its a good thing for me that I was right about the fact that the U.S. doesn't vote on things that should not be voted on. But, if there was a vote like that then you would be the minority. If I couldn't adopt allot of people wouldn't be allowed to.	AGAINST
1048	gayRights	a) Roman Catholics still don't eat meat on Fridays, with the exception of fish.b) You say homosexuality should be acceptable because it has no negative impact on society. But it does negatively impact society by going against nature and by going against almost every organized religion on the planet: not just Christianity and Judaism, but also Hinduism, Mormonism, Islam, and countless others. By advocating acceptance for homosexuality, you are opposing the beliefs of a majority of the world's population.c) Take that, heathen! lol	AGAINST
1049	gayRights	I'm hoping there's more to it than that, but I hope that hope about all people.	FAVOR
1050	gayRights	The First Amendment to the Constitution restricts only Congress, but does not separate religion from the United States in general. The U.S.A. will continue to follow the religious message in the Declaration of Independence.	AGAINST
1051	gayRights	since we are to go off of your definition of natural and moral and your definition obviously doesn't come from the old testament, new testament, or the qu'ran, maybe you should elaborate on what you find acceptable and how you devine those value judgements.what is sin and which sins preclude adoption of kids who don't have parents?	FAVOR
1052	gayRights	I understand what you are saying however, if marriage keeps 'evolving' soon it could be considered marriage between a chair and a desk.  That is a little to the extreme but where do we draw the line between marriage and just unionized?  Marriage is not going to mean much to those who take it as what it began as. It wouldn't be as special.	AGAINST
1053	gayRights	Is incest a sin?	AGAINST
1054	gayRights	"Arguing that   same-sex marriage   is a slippery slope completely ignores the fact that   society   and courts are able to distinguish between different situations.  Courts, state, and the federal government will easily be able to recognize   gay marriage   while still banning marriage between blood relatives.Assuming that once gay marriage is allowed that all types of marriage must follow also ignores that standards can be developed and lines can be drawn.When marriage between interracial couples was finally recognized, did that former slippery slope lead to polygamy?  When women were finally granted the right to   vote  , did that lead to infants being allowed the right to vote?It is important to not factor in ""slippery slopes"" with regard to fundamental rights.  Fundamental rights should be protected among all citizens, including the fundamental right to marry.  Recognizing a slippery slope when protecting a human right is illogical and ridiculous."	FAVOR
1055	gayRights	"If you want to drag   religion   into this, fine. Here's a challenge, make a case against gay marriage that does not include religion, reproduction issues, ethics or anything stated here. My point is that as soon as this debate comes up, the first thing to be said is ""well the   bible   says..."" or ""gay men or women cant reproduce"". Oh, and you said ""You have your opinion and I have my truth"" well, that's an opinion. Your opinion is that you're right when it comes to religion. my opinion is that you're bring arrogant, close minded, and flat out rude."	FAVOR
1056	gayRights	Pfft, can you prove that it's true?What you're doing here is that you're moving the burden of proof over to me, a common mistake that theists make.Here's your argument, except from a different angle:Can you prove that the beliefs from the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster are mythology?	FAVOR
1057	gayRights	According to many studies (including a fairly recent one performed by Jennifer L. Wainright, Stephen T. Russell, and Charlotte J. Patterson), revealed that children in same-sex families were no more likely to be predisposed to gay, lesbian, or bisexual lifestyles than their opposite-sex family counterparts.Please do your research before making such claims.	FAVOR
1058	gayRights	" The definition of marriage is fluid and should evolve to include gay marriage - Marriage was, at one point, an institution only for the elite. It was also something that, at one point, was denied to slaves. It evolved from both of these exclusive positions to be more inclusive. There is no reason to believe that the ""institution"" cannnot or should not evolve to also include homosexuals."	FAVOR
1059	gayRights	1) man+man, woman+woman. . .marriage of equals. man+woman is not. 2) why stop at gay marriage. What about bi marriage? man+woman+woman . .might get a small percentage of Mormons to support this. 3) Where will the line be drawn? AI? All the arguements used in favor of gay marriage could be used to support the idea of android marriage. sure we aren't there yet. .but again the line is where?4) marriage is not a right. it is tied up in regulations, but the act itself is not done as a right, like voting. 4) it is not religious. religion has taken over the ceremony, but it is not christian or jewish or phoenician . . marriage predates recordable history. 5) war is peace, freedom is slavery, ignorance is strength changing the meanings of important words can hurt. and if the dialog on this is drowned out by extreme rhetoric than everybody loses.	AGAINST
1060	gayRights	Nooooo. Being a homo is just as much a sin as the act itself.	AGAINST
1061	gayRights	"Live and let live is hardly a good basis for morality. It pops up in the people who walk by and ignore one person physically hurting another person. It is the opposite of respect, sympathy and solidarity.But on the question of gay sex. It is real simple, if you are a religious person, most likely your religion speaks against sin and cherry picking passages from ancient texts won't change that. Since I am non religious and don't have to worry about ""sins"" I can base my moral decisions on the questions and values I have about respect, sympathy and solidarity. In that sense, homosexuals are just like heterosexuals they feel love, attraction, loneliness, despair of rejection and all the other things that come with passion and love, whether good or bad.Do what your heart tells you to do in questions of love; did no one learn anything from Shakespeare? "	FAVOR
1062	gayRights	You are blind , for whatever reason, and unable to see or else all the links I have provided would spur you into checking it out for yourself for its validity.Look up heterophobic while your at it too. You might try googling. Oh yes, its more true than homophobia ever thought of being.	AGAINST
1063	gayRights	"""Marriage is defined as a religious institution.""Wrong.  Wrong, you're already wrong.Nobody is arguing about whether or not churches should sanction same-sex marriages.  The point in question is civil (secular) marriages.  Religion is absolutely irrelevant when we're talking about secular law.""Do I think that it is wrong to ignore the already given rights of a religion, violating them in order for a person's choice (what religion they belong to) to be kept unchanged? Yes.""How about the Buddhists and the Shinto and the Hindu who don't oppose same-sex marriages?  As a Shinto, I would be offended if my First Amendment rights were abridged solely on the basis of somebody else's First Amendment rights being upheld.  Is it right that my Shinto beliefs be put down for somebody else's Christian beliefs?To clarify, same-sex couples do not and should not request religious institutions to sanction their marriages.  They are and should be appealing to the government to sanction their marriages."	FAVOR
1064	gayRights	"Understanding what causes deafness or other physical conditions--and learning to treat people with dignity and respect--is not the same as inventing a new philosophy on sexuality and gender and pretending it has a basis in science or Biblical tradition. Which again, has not been ""proven"" at all. You and many other people want to believe it because it works for you, and that's fine. That's not proof of fact and it's not justification for rewriting Scripture.""We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive.""C. S. Lewis"	AGAINST
1065	gayRights	Well in the good old day you didn't have to be that specific. It used to be a given that a mother and father is to raise a child.	AGAINST
1066	gayRights	I believe this to be true because there are more obstacles to overcome to get married. Heteros are *expected* to get married, and will, at times, even when not prepared.  When barriers to marriage are removed for same-sex couples, then it will even out. 	FAVOR
1067	gayRights	"""The idea that we have a somehow higher knowledge of homosexuality--a grasp of what it means to be ""gay"" that hasn't existed in all of human history, is arrogant and self-deceiving.""Okay, so the fact that we progress as human beings and that we know more now about things that were misunderstood in the past is arrogant and self-deceiving?  Case in point...  My grandparents were Deaf.  When they were growing up, being Deaf was considered the same as being mentally retarded.  They were abused and treated as though they were stupid and not worth a whole lot to society.  Now, we've learned a lot about deafness and have come to understand that it isn't something that has anything to do with mental dificiency.  There are some great minds that are located in people who cannot hear.  That's just one example.  To say that progress shouldn't happen because of your own personal views on an issue is what is arrogant.  Changes happen all the time.  If we don't keep up with it as a society, we will always live in the past.  I prefer to go forward, not back.  Jesus did too, by the way."	FAVOR
1068	gayRights	You have no right to tell anyone how to live their lives. Not everyone believes the same way you do. What you are trying to do is impose your religion on everyone else, which is just as immoral as allowing corruption into your religion. If your religion or any other religion does not want to ordain same-sex marriages, fine. But keep religion out of politics and let those who don't believe the same as you live their lives the way they see fit without you interfering with their right to do so. I don't see them interfering with your right to Bible-thump, so don't let them interfere with their right to unbelief if that's what they so desire. 	FAVOR
1069	gayRights	"What if a heterosexual couple breaks up? Who will get custody? How will they determine who is the better parent?If people like you would shut up gay people could get married. Some day your gay grandchildren will look down at their adopted child and explain ""That's okay baby, your grandparents were clinically insane and unable to form a coherent thought. Lucky for us those crazy liberals took over and fixed things."""	FAVOR
1070	gayRights	I down vote no one simply because they down vote me. I'm down voting you because you're a nasty, demented child who has nothing better to do than write garbage! And no, I'm not a 60 year old lonely woman...I'm a 62 year old very happy woman with a life you could never dream of.	AGAINST
1071	gayRights	If Jesus didn't condemn Gays why should we? When Jesus healed the centurion's servant the word for servant was pais. Pais denotes a gay relationship. But Jesus didn't condemn the relationship? 	FAVOR
1072	gayRights	"Periannath said: ""You assume that rational truth is objective, that spiritual truth is not..."" Yes I do.  Rational truth, as you call it, is based on sensory-perceptual evidence that can be observed, analyzed, discussed, and debated.  Those are things that the human mind is excellent at doing.  Rational moral truth is based on the observation that people are all basically the same, that they have the same fundamental physical, psychological, and spiritual needs (by ""spiritual"" I do NOT mean, religious or supernatural.  I merely mean needs that are not physical).  ""A rational ""Live-and-Let-Live"" morality is based on the observation that people thrive when left to do as they please as long as they don't harm anyone else.  Hence homosexuality is NOT immoral.  These observations can be made by anyone, and are clearly demonstrable whether we consider them on an individual level or on a societal level.  In contrast, Religious truth is based on faith (i.e. belief WITHOUT evidence).  I do think that people who believe that the bible is the literal word of god ARE irrational (at least in that one aspect of their lives).  One can only believe the literalness of the bible by ignoring the immense body of historical and scientific evidence that utterly contradicts that assertion.  It's not enough to believe something very strongly.  Your belief must be plausible, supported by the evidence, and not explicable by a simpler, more plausible explanation.  I would think that the existence of so many faiths in the world each claiming mutually contradictory moralities would give pause to theists who think that their particular moral biases are the ""right"" ones.  Do you think you were just lucky to be born into a Christian society while Jews, Muslims, Hindus, Buddhists, etc., were unluckily born into the ""wrong"" ones? You ask ""How is rational truth objective when it is the product of human minds, which tend to be very subjective?""  Well, how is religious truth objective when it is ALSO the product of the human mind?  The fact that you deny that your beliefs are the product of human minds doesn't change the fact that they are.  The bible was written, rewritten, altered, edited, interpreted, reinterpreted by PEOPLE.  How many different versions of the Christian bible exist today?  Why were some gospels removed by the Council of Nicea? What about the 80% of the human race that don't believe in the new testament?  And I haven't even begun to list the myriad scientific proofs against literalism. The only way you can believe in the literalness of the bible in the face overwhelming evidence that it's not literally true is if you are willfully blind.  And I believe that willful blindness is irrational and dangerous.  Men of faith flew planes into skyscrapers on 9/11.  Faith scares me.  Lastly you ask ""What objective [evidence] exists to show that the Bible is not God's word? ""  I just barely started to list the evidence above.  There is much more.  But it doesn't matter.  You are the one making the claim that the bible is literally true.  The burden of proof is on you to prove it, not on me to disprove it. Given the thousands of different creation myths, moral systems and ""bibles"" that have existed since the beginning of the human race, it is incumbent upon you to prove that yours is fact while all others are/were fiction.  Of course, since your beliefs are faith-based not evidence-based, I'm not sure why you would even want to ""prove"" the validity of yours by presenting evidence.  Proving it with objective evidence, even if you could do so, would turn your faith into science.  Sorry to be so wordy.  But I'm as passionate about my beliefs as I assume you are about yours.  Sid"	FAVOR
1073	gayRights	When marriage between interracial couples was finally recognized, did that former slippery slope lead to homosexual marriage?	AGAINST
1074	gayRights	"=========SODOM=========The Sodom Story - Genesis 19:1-29Homophobic Viewpoint: ""Sodom was destroyed because of   homosexuality  ."" Scriptural Viewpoint: Sodom was a lush beautiful region of land whose inhabitants had known the goodness of God. Despite their exposure to, experience with, and witness of the one true loving Creator, the people of Sodom had rejected a relationship with God, and turned to numerous types of idolatry. When God's messengers were sent to the city, the men of Sodom responded by threatening the ultimate act of violent abuse,   murder  , disrespect and humiliation. They were going to RAPE God's representatives. All other Old and New Testament references to Sodom involved the sins of idolatry, inhospitality, indifference toward the poor and the rejection of God's messengers. There are NO REFERENCES to same sex acts or HOMOSEXUALITY. The story of Sodom had nothing to do with homosexuality.====================CORINTHIANS ====================This passage virtually shows how many twist and change God's words to spread hate.I Corinthians 6:9-11Let us examine that very closely.Do you not know that the unrighteous will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived; neither the immoral, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate [malakoi], nor   homosexual   offenders [arsenokoites], nor thieves, nor the greedy, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor robbers will inherit the kingdom of God.First of all, before we address this line, let us consider one thing. Supposedly taken from a 2000+ year old book, understand that the word ""homosexual"" was not coined until 1869 by Austrian-born novelist Karl-Maria Kertbeny. So how it happens to be included in a true reading of the particular biblical passage should make you ponder how accurate the interpretation actually is. So man changing the words of the Bible to conveniently spread hate? I think so.Now onto the interpretation, i've included the original Greek words as well where it's relevant.Paul was attempting to educate the new Christians in Corinth as to what Godly living was all about. In verses 9-10, he listed ways of living that were not compatible with a Christ-centered life. In verse 11, Paul reminded them that they had been saved out of those destructive ways. There are two Greek words in I Corinthians 6:9, which sometimes are translated with a homosexual connotation. First word, ""malakoi"" or ""malakos"" - it literally means soft or mushy; it can mean spineless, wishy-washy or without backbone. ""Malakoi"" was used four other times in the New Testament and it always meant ""soft."" The context of I Corinthians seems to imply a moral softness or decadence, a failure to stand up for what is right and godly. It is significant that for several hundred years there was no sexual connotation assigned to this word. Second word, ""arsenokoitai"" or ""arsenokoites"" - it literally means, ""males having sex."" Early commentaries on I Corinthians related ""arsenokoitai"" to male temple prostitutes and to men having sex with boys. (Idolatrous prostitution and pedophilia are always wrong for those seeking to honor God.) Homosexual relationships were known in the Greco-Roman culture of Paul's day. The Greek word commonly used in reference to adult male same sex partners was ""arrenokoites."" Paul did not use this word. Instead, he created his own, ""arsenokoitai."" If Paul had intended to condemn all adult male same sex partners, he would have used the common word for it. "	FAVOR
1075	gayRights	"Try ""The Sexual Person"" by Todd A. Salzman and Michael G. Lawler.I've known plenty of Bible reachers, but I do hope it's fulfilling for you. Also, I do believe this makes you the first person I've ever met to *object to* something in the Bible being taken as a prohibition against rape. I...congratulations?"	FAVOR
1076	gayRights	Considering God indicated, that He so hates and despisees the practice of lying with same sex and even animals that he made a point of stating so. How do you think those who ptactices such will be received at and dealt with at the judgement? 	AGAINST
1077	gayRights	OK, so we agree on the following:And if I had my druthers I would prefer states only issue civil unions to all couples and no marriage licenses because marriage has religious connotations.Now the question is, does the state have the power to force the church to marry gays? I say no. But that's OK because the state also does not have the power to prevent gays from starting a religion that will marry them.	FAVOR
1078	gayRights	"under the new covenant.......... 1thess 5:21 test everything, keep the good. how can we test the law if we are still under it and have a canonical relation to it as in deut 28as believers our test is as specified in 1john1 ""that which have heard, which we have looked at, which we have seen with our eyes, and our hands have touched.""it is a test of witness thru fellowship of the holy spirit, thru the one who lives in each believer(the triune god)of walking in the light.it is a witness to test where the spirit of christ(god) rests. because wherever the spirit of god rests that is what is approved by god.the witness of believers is that believing homosexual lives and  marriages are filled by the fruit of the spirit in the same way as believing heterosexual marriages.jesus said ""you will recognize them by their fruit"" fruit being the fruit of the spirit because it is of the  fruit of the spirit that we lay up treasures in heaven..............these are the things that last.about all this energy about moral law . in romans paul said we are no longer under the law but grace. paul in romans says that under the new covenant we are now led and serve of the spirit. that we are callled  to a higher standard of fulfilling the law(love) rather than following it. because now our conviction about sin is from our heart with the one who lives in us, rather than thru a set of laws about controling are outward physical lives. the law is now for making us conscious of sin..........conscious of loving our neighbor as ourselves.................. the summation of all the law. but it is the spirit that convicts our hearts about our sin.the conviction is thru godly sorrow in our hearts, and it  is without regret.(2cor7:7-10)if king david had loved his neighbor as himself( under the new covenant the 2nd commandment is the summation of all the law(romans)) he would never have stepped into what he did with bathsheba."	FAVOR
1079	gayRights	I'm confused.  Jesus died for our sins, so now adultery and theft aren't sins anymore?  Or if they are still sins, they require less severe punishment today than in the past because Jesus paid-it-forward for us?  Either I'm missing an important theological point, or this is just a rationalization to reject the literal word of god (the bible) in favor of modern, humanistic moral standards. 	FAVOR
1080	gayRights	The Equal Rights Amendment was never ratified.You have not shown how allowing two people to get married will somehow weaken the   marriage   of others.	FAVOR
1081	gayRights	"As long as marriage is used contractually by society as a means of determining who is or is not eligible to receive governmental benefits, rights or protections, there can be no legitimate reason to limit it to only heterosexual participants, based upon religious strictures and dictates.  Churches should have the absolute right to determine who is or is not eligible to receive any of their sacraments or blessings, and may discriminate at will based upon whatever criteria they set for themselves, but government has no such leeway.  If heterosexuals continue to want their government to acknowledge their marriages and dispense rights and protections based upon those marriages, then such acknowledgement must be open and available to ALL citizens, regardless of sexual orientation.The fact that we currently have a situation in which sacramental blessings of marriage and governmental verification of civil marriage are dispensed at the same moment by the same officiant, should in no way cause us to confuse the two separate and distinct institutions.  If we need to rename one of these institutions ""civil unions"" and provide such civil unions to all couples who seek governmental acknowledgment of their relationships, regardless of the gender of the participants, and leave the other term, ""marriage"" as a purely religious concept to be granted at will by various religious institutions, then so be it.  It would probably be easier, on the whole, though, for us all to just grow up and realize that the two institutions exist side-by-side and, while we may be able to control the one (sacramental), there is no good reason to deny the other (civil) to any of our fellow citizens based upon our personal religious beliefs."	FAVOR
1082	gayRights	"Gays the military would harm military leadership. Gays in the military would adversely affect the chain of command in the military, as certain relationships would become less trustworthy and tensions would undermine the authority of leaders and the willingness of troops to follow."	AGAINST
1083	gayRights	What he said was nobody really knows what causes a person to be Gay and that's the truth. That's why I fit in the Don't know category. But he did pick the No side which, according to what he said, is a contradiction. I called him out on that.	FAVOR
1084	gayRights	" Opponents of gay-adoption must prove heterosexuals make better parents The burden of proof is on opponents of gay adoption to prove that homosexuals make worse parents. In the absence of such proof, it is unjust to restrict the rights of homosexuals to adopt."	FAVOR
1085	gayRights	Thomas Jefferson does not mention in the Declaration of Independence the name of the Creator from whom we gain our rights.Knowing Jefferson, it can't be a Judeo-Christian creator (God, Yahweh, Jehovah, etc.), but was a deistic creator, so the appeal to scripture-based morality falls flat with regard to this misplaced reference of the Declaration of Independence.	FAVOR
1086	gayRights	Well marriage is a religious ceremony. If two atheists get married it is still their belief. You cant have a non-religious marriage	FAVOR
1087	gayRights	"So if ""the government should not prevent any kind of ""marriage"" from occuring,"" why are you against same sex marriage?"	FAVOR
1088	gayRights	"""Second I cant figure out why Gay people want to be married as this is a religous ceremony and the real issue is having the same rights as the heterosexual people. A   legal   union will be as binding if recognized by the state or federal level.""Marriage is not a strictly religious institution... it never has been.  There are also religious homosexuals, who want to be able to get exercise their right to   religious freedom   by getting married (and all that entails).It also strikes me as a little odd to create civil   unions   and have them be identical in every way to marriages... except that the names are different."	FAVOR
1089	gayRights	"Civil unions create a ""separate and thus unequal"" problem Any proposed alternative to marriage itself would be unacceptable as Ã’registeredÃ“ gay couples would still not enjoy completely equal rights as married heterosexual couples in society. This would also fuel the idea that registered gay couples enjoy an inferior status to married heterosexual couples, thereby giving rise to discrimination all over again."	FAVOR
1090	gayRights	"I agree with the idea that our animal nature, in most cases, does not dictate that we be either ""gay"" or straight.""  And there are many reasons (e.g., overpopulation) why ""gayness"" might be favored in nature.  Studies of primates and other animals show this.  But our Judeo-Christian morality does offer solid guidance.  When a young person begins to mature sexually, they are as malleable as clay.  It is at this point that, without the constraints of culture or morality, they can grow into whatever (often bizarre) adult they choose (usually unconsciously) to shape themselves into.  Just like an animal.  "	AGAINST
1091	gayRights	What I love is we have 4 people saying it hurts them but all 4 don't have the guts to say how. Come on. If it hurts you personally.. HOW? Have some testicular fortitude and explain your pain.	FAVOR
1092	gayRights	you have anything that is actually more recent than 2004...?	FAVOR
1093	gayRights	When was never a question for me i've always liked women and that is the stupidiest question ever ask. 	AGAINST
1094	gayRights	"Any religious establishment can refuse to recognize the sanctity of a non-traditional marriage. Whether one is married civilly or not does not force a religion to recognize it as a ""holy matrimony."" If religious establishments refuse to participate in these and require a JP wedding, so be it. "	FAVOR
1095	gayRights	Smurph your arguments are not as good as you think.  There is no such thing as consentual pedophilia because minors can't legally consent.  Your argument makes absolutely no sense.  Try looking at this issue from a purely logical point of view.  I'm not gay, so I don't have any reason to feel strongly about this, except that the logic is clear.  There is no good argument against same sex marriage.  All arguments against are purely emotional.  Take a few minutes and really ponder this.	FAVOR
1096	gayRights	"Homosexuality is not immoral, and is acceptable in the military. Former Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John Warner, Republican of Virginia: ""I respectfully, but strongly, disagree with the chairman's [Marine General Peter Pace, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in 2007] view that homosexuality is immoral.""[8]"	FAVOR
1097	gayRights	" It was written by Edwin Lutzer and its quite good and is broken down into six  interesting categories. I have a summary of it below and recommend this book to other Christians.Page 15 para. 4 line 1 quote, The purpose of this book is to encourage and equip  God's people to defend   marriage  , giving reasons why its definition should not be broadened  include same-sex marriages.end quoteReasons I found in this book to not support   same-sex marriage  .Page 25 para 3. And page 60 quote, "" We cannot wrest   children   from the God-given format of family relationships without serious consequences. Also page 62 quote by Mary Stewart van Leeuwen, a Christian feminist, says, She predicts unforeseen consequences from such a radical overhaul of mariage and family.end quotePage 27 the last paragraph and page 28 the first paragraph stating, quote ;  ..who is to say that it is to be limited to two people? Why not a trio of three men or woman? Or why not one man with two wives or ten?, After all, we must extend "" equal rights"" to all individuals to live according to any arragement they wish. end quoteAnd page 62 para. 2 quote by James Skillen of the Center for Public Justice predicts"" Its going to be increasingly possible to produce children, buy, and sell children, because in addition to   adoption  , that is the only way homosexual couples can have children."" end quote. Page 35 para. 5 stating quote ;We must point out that the Bible does not speak about   homosexuality   with a muffled voice.end quote If we are to be followers of Jesus then we must follow the Bible. The Bible is not unclear on the subject of sexual immorality, either homosexual or heterosexual.Page 37 paragraphs 2 & 3. Quote; I believe that we as evangelicals have failed these people, many of whom populate our churches. As a pastor I've listened to their stories of brokeness and heartache. I've heard stories of molestation, of the emptiness of sex without commitment, without love, without caring. No matter what we see on televesion, the gay community is hurting, compulsively acting out behavior to cover their pain. These are the people for whom we must have compassion, understanding, and care. Its a hurting world out there, and all of the wells are dry.end quotePage 45 para.2 ""IT IS NOT GOOD FOR THE MAN TO BE ALONE; I WILL MAKE HIM A HELPER SUITABLE FOR HIM"".Gd made a woman.Page 59 para. 4. quote, "" Evidence suggests that the reason there are more suicides among homosexuals is not because of the ridicule they receive from heterosexuals, but rather because of the inner confilict that the lifestyle of necessity brings with it.end quoteQuote from page 69 which I wholeheartedly support quote, ""When we turn from the Lord, He does not fight for us, but allows us to be distressed by those who oppose us.""end quote The cure for our countries moral ailments is Gd.Page 73. Quote, ""Even if we argue that we are born with certain predispositions, we still have human responsibltiy for our lifestyles and actions. end quote. Choice. Now that is a better philosophy if you ask me, giving someone a choice that is REAL LOVE.Page 77 Quote "" Chaste homosexuals like chaste herterosexuals, must be enfolded within the community of the   church  . They need the support of the wider Christian community, and the larger family of God."" end quote. I agree.  We all need the Truth and God, anything else will not save us and is a lie.Page 80 is very, very good too. Quote, "" The homosexual movement , with its stringent insistence that all oppositoin be silenced, has been "" imposing"" its agenda on society with a vengence. end quote. Just look at what they did to me!!!Page 83 is frightening. Quote, "" Many homsexual males distinguish between emotional fidelity and sexual exclusivity. end quote. Dangerous and sad.Page 93 para 2. Third, we must carfully nurtue and protect our young people. Studies have shown that a child who readches puberty can either become a homosexual or heterosexual depending on environmental factors. end quote. TRUTH IN BLACK AND WHITE AS TO WHY THE SCHOOLS ARE RECRUITING OUR CHILDREN. And finally the pages that I feel repremand the Church as a whole for not speaking out more and these pages make this book valuable to the Church as a whole. Pages 97, 99,103 All of chapter 6, esp page 107  titiled, WE MUST SEEK GOD."	AGAINST
1098	gayRights	You mean people like you?The minimum length for an argument is 50 characters. The purpose of this restriction is to cut down on the amount of dumb jokes, so we can keep the quality of debate and discourse as high as possible	FAVOR
1099	gayRights	Every child should be raised by heterosexual parents. Gay couples shouldn't adopt, they are not parents.	AGAINST
1100	gayRights	The idea that human affairs of importance can be simply based on emotional subjective feelings is the rock on which it founders.Humanity has advanced according to the understanding he has of the laws which govern everything around us ,from the turning of the planets, the cells in our bodies, the plants on the earth.We have learned to understood and use the laws of flight, of engineering etc to bring about advancements in our society.Everything is underpinned by laws and although many people quote the bible they would be better to quote the laws of god as seen in science.When we seriously break these laws we descend.Most of us 'sin by breaking laws which allow us to live and exist and evolve in the universe .At this time the decisions we make will decide if we survive or not as a society into the future .There are narcissistic and sometomes deliberately malign people who hate that they cannot control these laws in a personal wayand they are determined to undermine that which they cannot control. Marriage or the recognition of the law of energy creativity inherent in the polar opposites of male female is neccessary as a force of good energy and must be encouraged .If we passed laws according to what people'felt'and not what is creative and good we would be back in the cave .Since there is no benefit to society one has to ask why 'they' want to get married,perhaps to undermine what they 'hate'.After all if it is simply a social recognition a personal party etc is their free choice. If we go this route with them socety will unwind and that is the main purpose[ concious in most cases].	AGAINST
1101	gayRights	I don't know who you're opposing here but if it's inkeddreams you're off the mark. Ask anyone what it was like for them to come out to their parents and they'll tell you the same thing.	FAVOR
1102	gayRights	"I agree with what you said above, but I am curious, and don't have time to do a literature search (because I am currently doing one of my own for my real job =), do you have the reference to the brain argument? Is it a physiological difference or a genetic difference between hetero- and homosexuals? Is this the case for all of them? At what age does this ""kick in""? I am just trying to learn, it is some thing that I have been interested in, I am not trying to be disrespectful or pick on details. =)"	FAVOR
1103	gayRights	Oh yes, it is a sin. I'm not acting on the Bible's word. I'm acting for humanity.	AGAINST
1104	gayRights	Nope, if the homosexual thinks they are being morally wrong by being gay, then I guess to them it's morally wrong, to me my morals say it's not wrong. So. Morals of each person differ. I don't have a choice to change someones morals. They can do what they want	FAVOR
1105	gayRights	"Well, that is how it is translated in the   bible   today...and the word is really unnecessary...Homosexuals have been around for a long time....go back to Genesis 19:4-7...and the rest of the story is good as well, it shows how God thinks of gays regardless of whether they call themselves married or not doesn't matter to himHere, i'll quote the two verses here for you from my New American Standard version bible 4-Before they lay down, the men of the city, the men of Sodom surrounded the house, both young and old, all the people from every quarter; 5- and they called to Lot and said to him ""where are the men who came to you tonight? Bring then out to us that we may have relations with them.: 6-But Lot went out to them at the doorway, and shut the door behind him, 7-and said, ""Please, my brothers, do not act wickedly.""Also, if you want   homosexuality   clearly spoken of in the New Testament go to Romans 1:18-32 most specifically verses 26 and 27, but the rest helps you to understand the context....Go ahead and read those and then tell me what you think, and if you have more questions I am willing to help you understand..."	AGAINST
1106	gayRights	"MY RESPONSE: (Durnit, I wish they had block-quoting on here...) Yes, I do believe there is a ""gay gene,"" or rather, a series of recessive genes which must all be present in some combination in order to produce an exclusively homosexual individual.  You bring up the example of someone who is left-handed.  Left-handedness is not controlled by one single gene, but there is little denial that it IS a genetically-linked trait.  Additionally, the world (despite your freshman biology lesson on dichotomous keys) is not divided up into ""Right-handed People"" and ""Left-handed People.""  You certainly must be aware that some people are ambidextrous?  And there is considerable scientific research available into how the brains of such people work -- which areas light up and which do not during a variety of activities involving certain types of thought and the use of one or both hands.  Even your example of the person affected by male-pattern baldness is not nearly so clear cut as you make it sound.  Some people with male-pattern baldness become completely bald in a very short time, while others retain most of their hair for many years.  Some thin only a little in the front.  Others start with a large bare circle at the crown.  Genetics are not nearly as simplistic as our high school studies of ""dominant brown eyes"" and ""recessive blue eyes"" taught us to believe.  Genes can work in combination with other genes in complex interactions in which the failure of one single gene to properly ""turn on"" can lead the the failure of the entire process.Some genes are more fragile than others, as well.  While most genes replicate perfectly, time after time, division after division, yet there are some which tend to malfunction or mis-replicate quite frequently, leading to common genetic mutation disorders such as ""Fragile X.""It is likely that the ""gay genes"" may include some which are highly sensitive to subtle changes in the intrauterine environment.  This would go a long way towards explaining why, while monozygotic twins have a greatly increased likelihood of sharing the same sexual orientation as compared with dizygotic twins, still the co-incidence is not 100%.While I do not necessarily believe that Kinsey is the be-all and end-all expert on human sexuality, I do agree with many of his thoughts, including his view of a ""spectrum"" of sexual orientation.  As I've pointed out here, there is nothing in my model which is inconsistent with a spectrum.  Just as left-handedness is accepted as a genetically-linked trait, but is, itself, a point on a spectrum of hand-dominance, so, in all likelihood, is sexual orientation.  Nor is there anything about characteristics being genetically-linked which would deny the possibility that they could also fall within a spectrum.MARTIN: ""Can I ask you this: do you agree that sexuality develops out of a complex web of biological and environmental factors? If so, then can you really respond ""YES"" to the question of whether or not people are born gay?""MY RESPONSE: Yes, I do.  But there is nothing about that viewpoint which contradicts the idea that people are ""born gay.""  I believe that the environmental factors which assist in determining sexual orientation are intrauterine -- hormonal fluctuations, for instance.  Studies have shown that the more older biological brothers from the same mother a man has, whether or not they are raised together, the higher his likelihood of being gay.  The mechanism is thought to be an increased sensitization of the mother's immune response to the presence of a male fetus, similar to the effects of maternal (Rh-) exposure to first and subsequent pregnancies with Rh+ fetuses.  So, yes, whether being gay is 100% genetic (unlikely) or involves some environmental (probably intrauterine) influences upon the fetus' early development, I do believe that people are born gay (or straight, or somewhere along the continuum between the two, as determined by their specific genetic makeup and any environmental influences which have been exerted upon that genetic makeup) and that this sexual orientation is immutable.  "	FAVOR
1107	gayRights	fathers and a daughters cant get married bc when you inbreed the children come out with missing chromosomes and cross eyes.	FAVOR
1108	gayRights	Roman Catholics still don't eat meat on Fridays, with the exception of fish1) Actually, my entire family is Roman Catholic, a decent portion of my friends are Roman Catholic, and I have heard the priest at my Church explain multiple times the rules regarding eating meat on fridays (I guess I forgot to mention that I go to a Roman Catholic Church every Sunday). The rules are: it's okay to eat meat on fridays (except lent) however, if you do choose to eat meat you should give something else up.So in short: you're wrong.2) First: It doesn't go against nature because it can be found prevalently in nature. Allow me to give you some examples of animals that have observed homosexual tendencies in their population:African BuffaloAfrican ElephantAgile WallabyAmazon River Dolphin(Boto)American BisonAntelopeAsian ElephantAsiatic LionAsiatic MouflonAtlantic Spotted DolphinAustralian Sea LionBarasinghaBarbary SheepBelugaBharalBighorn SheepBlack BearBlackbuckBlack-footed Rock WallabyBlack-tailed DeerBonnet MacaqueBonoboBottlenose DolphinBowhead WhaleBrazilian Guinea PigBridled DolphinBrown BearBrown CapuchinBrown Long-eared BatBrown RatBuffaloCaribouCat (domestic)Cattle (domestic)CheetahCollared PeccaryCommerson's DolphinCommon Brushtail PossumCommon ChimpanzeeCommon DolphinCommon MarmosetCommon PipistrelleCommon RaccoonCommon Tree ShrewCotton-top TamarinCrab-eating MacaqueCrested Black MacaqueCuiDall's SheepDaubenton's BatDog (domestic)Doria's Tree KangarooDugongDwarf CavyDwarf MongooseEastern Cottontail RabbitEastern Grey KangarooElkEuro (a subspecies of wallaroo)European BisonFallow DeerFalse Killer WhaleFat-tailed DunnartFin WhaleFoxGazelleGelada BaboonGiraffeGoat (Domestic)Golden MonkeyGorillaGrant's GazelleGrey-headed Flying FoxGrey SealGrey squirrelGrey WhaleGrey WolfGrizzly BearGuinea Pig (Domestic)Hamadryas BaboonHamster (Domestic)Hanuman LangurHarbor PorpoiseHarbor SealHimalayan TahrHoary MarmotHorse (domestic)HumanIndian Fruit BatIndian MuntjacIndian RhinocerosJapanese MacaqueJavelinaKangaroo RatKiller WhaleKoalaKobLarga SealLeast ChipmunkLechweLesser BushbabyLionLion-tailed MacaqueLion TamarinLittle Brown BatLivingstone's Fruit BatLong-eared HedgehogLong-footed Tree ShrewMacaqueMarkhorMartenMatschie's Tree KangarooMocoMohol GalagoMoor MacaqueMooseMountain GoatMountain Tree ShrewMountain ZebraMouse (domestic)Moustached TamarinMule DeerMusk-oxNatterer's BatNew Zealand Sea LionNilgiri LangurNoctuleNorth American PorcupineNorthern Elephant SealNorthern Fur SealNorthern QuollOlympic MarmotOrangutanOrcaPacific Striped DolphinPatas MonkeyPere David's DeerPig (Domestic)Pig-tailed MacaquePlains ZebraPolar BearPretty-faced WallabyProboscis MonkeyPronghornPrzewalski's HorsePukuQuokkaRabbitRaccoon DogRed DeerRed FoxRed KangarooRed-necked WallabyRed SquirrelReeves's MuntjacReindeerRhesus MacaqueRight WhaleRock CavyRodrigues Fruit BatRoe DeerRufous BettongRufous-naped TamarinRufous Rat KangarooSaddle-back TamarinSavanna BaboonSea OtterSerotine BatSheep (Domestic)SiamangSika DeerSlender Tree ShrewSooty MangabeySperm WhaleSpinifex Hopping MouseSpinner DolphinSpotted HyenaSpotted SealSquirrel MonkeyStriped DolphinStuart's Marsupial MouseStumptail MacaqueSwamp DeerSwamp WallabyTakhiTalapoinTammar WallabyTasmanian DevilTasmanian Rat KangarooThinhorn SheepThomson's GazelleTigerTonkean MacaqueTucuxiUrialVampire BatVerreaux's SifakaVervetVicunaWalrusWapitiWarthogWaterbuckWater BuffaloWeeper CapuchinWestern Grey KangarooWest Indian ManateeWhiptail WallabyWhite-faced CapuchinWhite-fronted CapuchinWhite-handed GibbonWhite-lipped PeccaryWhite-tailed DeerWild CavyWild GoatWisentYellow-footed Rock WallabyYellow-toothed CavyAnd that is just the mammals! I could go on about birds, fish, reptiles and all sorts of different other kinds of animals, but I think you get my point. If God did create the world, then clearly he is a fan of homosexuality.Next: Just because a large group of people think something, doesn't make it right. Are you a puppet? Can you not think for yourself? If everyone thought that snowflakes were god's dandruff would that make it right? In fact a large majority of the earth's population thought that the earth was flat, and the majority of the U.S. thought slavery was alright and used Bible verses to support their position.If all your going to argue is: well most of these religions think this so it must be right, then I don't see the point in continuing. Your argument isn't valid. You also never tell me how, specifically it hurts society. They're not forcing those people who think it's immoral to be homosexual, or even to condone homosexuality. Homosexuals are merely looking for their own rights.3) Thanks for providing proof that you are using multiple accounts.	FAVOR
1109	gayRights	"If someone such as the expert can choose to be straight in the sense that they chose to work on it and they changed why are they wrong to consider that people are not born gay or have a choice? Why do you assume that the expert's experience is illegitimate and just something like a choice to be monogamous?I know this relates also to the GAYDAR section but this topic is getting discussed and it ties in. I once had a customer who talked incessantly for a long period of time telling me how they didn't like talking to people and how people react etc. It seemed strange to me as they seemed to love to talk. Just before leaving they commented ""You are gay aren't you?"" I said ""no"". He was floored and left in silence. I then realized what he meant was that he don't like (talking to) straight people. That is just an example of what I have experienced. There does seem to be such a thing as a GAYDAR and I never could figure why I set it off among gay men. I didn't take too much interest for much of my life and advances that can result from setting off the GAYDAR I found flattering. Since the hormones kicked in I have never been sexually attracted to men so it did seem strange.Then I became a Christian. As a Christian you can't ignore agressive gay activists continually attacking your religion and screaming that a belief that God considers homosexual behaviour a sin is just an outlet of ugly discrimination against someone who was born that way. So I read up on the topic. What I found was the characteristic features of boys who grow up gay were exhibited by me as a child. Hell I even got teased with some very unflattering synonyms. It also reminded me of a massive change that I experienced around puberty which I attributed at the time to hormones and didn't give another thought to. I now believe I was wrong. Gay men had the same hormones and they stay on the same course. It provided the discovery that coincidental aspects of my environment just before I changed are the same things which psychotherapists consider gay boys are lacking. Certain experiences suddenly seemed significant. I didn't complete puberty with same sex attractions so there was no apparent issue. The sexual cravings from puberty found me a heterosexual. Although I do admit that right at the beginning I looked at a naked female photograph and thought to myself ""How will I get sexually aroused by that?"" and did wonder if I might be gay. The solution to those questions occurred naturally without any need for anything. When I became old enough I experienced heterosexual attraction and never looked back. The only vestige of that aspect of my life is being picked up on gay men's GAYDAR and a pretty effective GAYDAR of my own. Interestingly alot changed about me when I changed so heterosexual men not being as attuned to the subtleties don't ever think of me like that.Yep I'm a Christian so if I was gay now I'd want to change. But from what I've experienced and from what I've read I find the born that way argument very non-compelling and the expertise of people who assist people to change extremely compelling. I am extremely confident that the experience of the expert is legitimate. You can't discipline your sexual preference. He would have spontaneously developed a heterosexual orientation after deliberately tweaking his environment just like we spontaneously developed a heterosexual orientation due to our environment albeit in my case with a lot of luck.I also note that if my 'change' had occurred a few years later gay activists would have already insisted that I should come out and that I was born that way with an immutable sexuality. Personally I feel lucky that I wasn't in a position to buy into that bunk. How could someone forced into that type of belief change?"	AGAINST
1110	gayRights	reminds me of hitting puberty and dealing with the baggage of having  different-sex parents which was so confusing and made absolutely no sense to me as a gay teenager who was attracted only to boys...	FAVOR
1111	gayRights	Romans 1:24 - Therefore God gave them up in the lust of their hearts to impurity, to the degrading of their bodies among themselves, because they exchanged the TRUTH of God for a LIE and worshipped and served the creature rather than the Creator, who is blessed.  For this reason God gave them up to degrading passions.  Their women exchanged natural intercourse for unnatural, and in the same way also men, giving up natural intercourse with women, were consumed with passion for one another.  Men committed shameless acts with men and received in their own persons the due penalty for their error.  This is an unnatural lifesytle.. and it states that they exchanged the truth for a lie.  How much more specific could the scriptures be?	AGAINST
1112	gayRights	"I most certainly can and do argue that...1.) Rational [truth is] objective and spiritual truth is subjective2.) Objective truth is higher than subjective truth3.) Rational truth is higher than spiritual truthA belief is objective if it conforms to the facts of reality independent of how anyone interprets it.  Like it or not, reality is what it is regardless of what you and I and any one else thinks about it.  The key for humans is to use our senses to gather evidence about reality, and to use our rational minds to interpret that evidence and act upon it.  Francis Bacon said, ""In order to control nature, you must first obey it""  (That may be a paraphrase).  This means, among other things, that you can't change the nature of reality simply by interpreting it to your liking, or denying the facts, or praying real hard for miracles.  Reality is.  Our minds simply do their best to understand it and act accordingly.  In contrast, spiritual truth as you call it is entirely subjective and has no basis whatever in the real world.  I don't see why you would argue with this assertion. As a man a faith you should agree that there is no proof for your belief in christ or even god.  The nature of faith, of which I assume you are proud, is belief WITHOUT evidence.  The fact that we make mistakes doesn't change any of this.  You are trying to argue that our fallibility as humans makes infallible faith necessary as a guard against our emotionalism, our occasional irrationality, and our inevitable errors.  Wrong.  Our numerous faiths are just as flawed as anything that humans do, you just deny it by claiming that god himself wrote your moral laws.  He did not.  Fallible people did, and fallible people like you interpret them and reinterpret them until they get the answers they want.  Everything that humans do is flawed. But with my system, the flaws can be discovered and fixed through reason.  With your system they are attributed to god and become the law for everyone no matter how ridiculous.  The problem is that belief-without-evidence leads to total subjectivity.  If you reject reality and the human perception thereof as the final standard for truth, then anything goes. Everyone can believe anything they want regardless of its incompatibility with the facts of objective reality.  And this is exactly what we see around the world.  Different religious faiths clash violently because they can't clash rationally through discourse.  When there is no objective evidence to present in support of your religious, faith-based views, all thats left to do with those who disagree is kill them.  So it has been for 5000 years (more probably).  The one truth is objective reality.  If we all accepted that, it would go a long way towards ending hate an violence in the world.  In contrast, purely subjective faith releases our worst demons (metaphorically) and gives them free reign. You say ""Even many of the central principles of American constitutional government are founded in Judeo-Christian principles because these principles were thought of as special revelation, truth give to man from God that is superior to any form of truth gained through rational thought.""  Nothing could be further from the truth.  Christian morality is the EXACT OPPOSITE of the US Constitution.  Christian morality is based on doing the will of god.  Obeying god is good, disobeying is bad.  The ten commandments are a list of things that we CANNOT do. The Constitution, in contrast, is based on respect for the rights of the individual human being, not on the will of any god.  The Constitution is a list of things that CANNOT BE DONE TO US.  The Constitution has the Bill of Rights, the ten commandments are the Bill of Wrongs.  The fact that these two diametrically opposed moral systems frequently draw the same the conclusions (e.g. that murder is wrong) does not change the fact that they do so for entirely different reasons.  To me murder is wrong because it violates the humanity of the victim.  To you its wrong because it violates god regardless of the victim. In short, you can't reject rationalism because humans make mistakes and then accept without question (i.e. on faith) whatever the bible says just because you believe that it's the infallible word of god.  There is no rational basis for you to believe that.  It's just your claim, and it flies in the face of overwhelming evidence against it.  And criticizing my system for being imperfect (which it is) doesn't make yours any better or more reasonable.  It just makes it more dangerous.  Sid "	FAVOR
1113	gayRights	Homosexuality is not a   sin   according to the Bible. Any educated Christian would know that. Scholars who have studied the Bible in context of the times and in relation to other passages have shown those passages (Leviticus, Corinthians, Romans, etc) have nothing to do with   homosexuality  . These passages often cherry-picked while ignoring the rest of the Bible. The sins theses passages are referring to are idolatry, prostitution, and rape, not homosexuality.                     /Thats why Jesus never mentions it as well. There is nothing immoral, wrong, or sinful about being gay. Jesus, however, clearly states he HATES hypocrites. If you preach goodness, then promote hate and twist the words of the Bible, you are a hypocrite, and will be judged and sent to hell. Homosexuals will not go to hell, hypocrites will. This is very similar to the   religious   bigots of the past, where they took Bible passages to condone slavery, keep women down, and used Bible passages to claim blacks as curses who should be enslaved by the white man. People used God to claim that blacks marrying whites was unnatural, and not of God's will. 	FAVOR
1114	gayRights	"RE: ""So   children   should not be placed in potentially loving homes?""Children should be in homes where they have some chance to grow up normal. If you want a gay penguin for a pet, go for it. You have absolutely no right to impose your will and lifestyle on an innocent child. Your lame rap about how it should be okay because other people who aren't gay screw up children's lives is disgusting. Two wrongs don't make a right. My last post on the topic. "	AGAINST
1115	gayRights	"Andrea Stone. ""Drives to Ban Gay Adoption Heat Up"". USA Today. February 21, 2006"	AGAINST
1116	gayRights	I think it is much less ethical to subject them to ignorant religious bigotry against our fellow human beings.	FAVOR
1117	gayRights	"""Its traumatic for a child to see two men or two women kissing.""No it isn't."	FAVOR
1118	gayRights	We shouldn't take kids away from parents unless of course it's abuse or something. I belive this is correct, so we must disagree on whether having gay parents is abusive.Gay people have consenting partners which is not the same as child molestation. Would comparing gay people be considered a disgusting and immoral hyperbole to you? if so, should you be allowed to have kids?PS - everyone is a sinner - including your parents and you.	FAVOR
1119	gayRights	You assume several things in your post.  You assume that rational truth is objective, that spiritual truth is not, that rational truth is higher then spiritual or religious truth and thus that those who believe that Bible is the literal word of God are then irrational with the implications that such people are wrong and absurd.  I would ask you why is so called rational truth higher then religious truth?  How is rational truth objective when it is the product of human minds, which tend to be very subjective?  What objective exists to show that the Bible is not God's word?  I don't bring up these questions to spite you, and though I may be coming off sarcastic I want to make it clearly known that I am not I am just trying to respond to your argument.  Peace,Spencer	AGAINST
1120	gayRights	"""I'm the one that tried to tell people how ridiculous it is to do that. ""That may be, but you just practiced ad hominem against Pineapple.""By saying that this country allows oppression. It does not. Yes it has in the past. But nothing to that degree is going on right now.""Saying that this country allows oppression is a false accusation? You need to read over American history again. The slaughter of Native Americans, slavery, segregation, Japanese internment camps are all particularly relevant. The degree of oppression is impossible to quantify and totally irrelevant. Any amount of oppression is completely and totally unacceptable. It is a fact that due to religious opinions in this country, same-sex marriage is illegal. While this may not be as severe as slavery, that does not take away from the fact that it is oppression caused by religion and therefore is religious oppression.""Intolerant? Fear mongering? How so? ""You want to see a fear mongering campaign? I was hoping you would ask. If you can watch that video and tell me it is not using scare tactics and intolerance, then I am done debating you clearly we cannot agree.""Okay maybe it was a lame thing to say, I guess the ad homonym[sic] is contagious.""Every time you criticize your opposition it is not an ad hominem. I responded to every one of your points and criticized something you said. And no it does not sound familiar to me. I did not follow any religious traditions as a child and I don't believe I even was told of my parents political affiliations until I had formulated my own opinions. Additionally I am more liberal than both of my parents, and I have changed their minds on many issues, while they have never changed my positions that I can recall.""I guess then, that I am being oppressed by you two double teaming me on every freaking debate.""Quit belly-aching. I personally relish debating when outnumbered, but it should not make it any more difficult. If your arguments are valid, they will stand against an infinite number of people. There are other conservatives on this website and it is not our fault if they are too afraid to come to your aid."	FAVOR
1121	gayRights	"The sacrament of marriage is the exact reason why the laws concerning marriage were created.  We wouldn't have ""marriage"" as a concept if it weren't for   religion  .  Society, though, doesn't in fact encourage   children  .  If you look at Western Europe, their birth rates are well below replacement and dangerously close to societal collapse despite their natalist government policies.  The United States is leaning towards those dismal numbers itself.I am first and foremost about children in my opposition to   same-sex marriage  .  We are already seeing vast changes in culture in the states that have adopted same-sex marriage.  These states are shutting down Catholic   adoption   agencies by forcing   the law   (same-sex marriage is   legal  ) to take precedent over their religion in their adoption agencies.  Same-sex marriage starts to trample   religious freedom   even if it is ""only"" a legal issue.The other major cultural shift is in that a school can no longer (and religious institutions lest they violate ""hate laws"" or discriminate) hold up traditional opposite-sex marriage as the normal, optimal solution to a child.  Confusing children at an early age as to whether they should marry a boy or a girl is not good for children still in the development stages.  Claiming that it doesn't matter whether a child marries a boy or a girl is equivalent to   society   saying that girls are the SAME as boys.  This is patently false... men and women are EQUAL, but NOT the same.I agree that societal and attitude changes are required about marriage.  Our out-of-wedlock birthrate in the US is staggering, and the statistics about children raised in single parent households are appalling.  That being said, legalizing, and therefore societal endorsing, same-sex marriage says that our society doesn't care that a child has a mother and father.  We have taken that option off the table.  Adoption agencies are not allowed to discriminate and favor a married opposite-sex couple over a same-sex one anymore, which deprives children of a mother and father.  A same-sex couple is obviously a wonderful option for a child that is in foster care or in dire straights, but society needs to be able to favor an opposite-sex couple over a same-sex one in adoption.  A child has a right to a mother and father when it is possible.Additionally, the whole notion that it is ""discrimination"" is ridiculous, no offense.  Same-sex marriage is a NEW right.  Everyone has the right to marry someone of the opposite sex.  I will inevitably hear the rebuttal of how inter-racial marriages were illegal, and that is a non sequitur.  There is no difference between the races, but there are staggering differences between men and women.  Everyone has the right to marry someone of the opposite sex, but some individuals are predisposed towards someone of their sex, be it by genetics, nurture, or nature or some combination.By redefining marriage, we have not only thrown the notion that men and women are different out the window, we have necessarily changed that definition to allow anyone to marry anyone if it is consensual.  There is no reason, therefore, that three people cannot marry into a polygamous relationship if it is about consensual decisions between any persons.  There is a reason that thousands of years of human history have evolved to this point; that marriage is between a man and a woman, and that reason is being torn down.I have the utmost compassion for gays and their situation, but that does not mean I forsake my standards and ignore the consequences of such a change because of my emotional ""compassion.""Thanks for the discussion."	AGAINST
1122	gayRights	researchers somewhere scientifically proved that you're a putz. here's hoping you get too much love...	FAVOR
1123	gayRights	A question more suitable for tents and caves in a darker age. Luckily we now have more than one book to give us guidance. Time to move on.	FAVOR
1124	gayRights	I mean that the children will be mentally hurt and noting else.If gays and lesbians adopt they should do more to care for their children.I am not sure what kind of corrupted society you're in that doesn't even care for their children.'if they want a kid let them have a freaking kid' : I'm refering to children mentally hurt and no more	AGAINST
1125	gayRights	...........you're perfectly willing to live in a society with self-centered agendas.... as long as it's yours. No one can do anything that you don't like.  Not that will harm you, not will harm your children... it's just something that you don't like.  And because it's something you don't like, you're willing to pursue laws that are corrupt and bankrupt of any integrity.  As long as you get to dictate to people what's acceptable, it's okay.  You're right, it doesn't take an intelligent philosopher... all it takes is a bigoted, close-minded perverter of justice.  Or... you.	FAVOR
1126	gayRights	"The easy thing is hardly ever the right thing. That's one of the biggest problems with the world in any place at any time, people look for whatever will patch the problem as easily and as quickly as possible. Doing the hard thing requires the willingness to stand up and say we do these things ""...not because they are easy, but because they are hard, because that goal will serve to organize and measure the best of our energies and skills, because that challenge is one that we are willing to accept, one we are unwilling to postpone, and one which we intend to win, and the others, too."" And while John F. Kennedy was talking about going to the Moon that's the mentality that we as responsible members of any society must have towards everything we do. It doesn't matter what action is taken, you can't please everyone so we must do what is right regardless of the criticism and uproar that comes of it. The right thing, the hard thing, is only rarely supported by the masses of the present but is always appreciated by the public of the future. P.S. Sorry this came out of the blue, this debate came back into my attention and I felt that I should finish what I meant to say but never had the time or the energy when I first got involved."	AGAINST
1127	gayRights	Well said. Too often Christians make homosexual behavior the unforgivable sin. It is not.However, that being said, it is still a sin. The line between law and grace is a tough one to walk, but we must do that nonetheless. There simply are no Scriptural references to homosexuality in a positive light. And the Church has always taught (for nearly 2000 years now) that it is a sin. It is only in our highly sexualized and self-indulgent culture that some people have sought to question that view.Thank you for posting an honest, grace-filled article. And for sharing a touch of  your personal experience.	AGAINST
1128	gayRights	Well, a problem, which there may be more with this idea of making marriage not a legal issue is that of divorce.  The way it is presently setup the government also deals with divorce, but a divorce case could not be settled in court if the marriage was never considered to be legal or at least something that can be considered legal, however I don't mean to convey that it would make it illegal, just that it wouldn't be covered in our laws anymore.  Oh! and another thing is for those who are atheists or simply don't choose to go to church how would that work?  What I mean to say is simply that the idea is going to take a  lot more than just an idea, it'll have to be covered on all bases to even work....however the intent behind the idea, I don't necessarily disagree with it.	AGAINST
1129	gayRights	Quite a few organizations of actual experts on the subject support same-sex parenting. Here's just what a 5 minute search brings:    ;109/2/341?fulltext=&searchid=QID_NOT_SETA growing body of scientific literature demonstrates that children who grow up with 1 or 2 gay and/or lesbian parents fare as well in emotional, cognitive, social, and sexual functioning as do children whose parents are heterosexual. ChildrenÃ•s optimal development seems to be influenced more by the nature of the relationships and interactions within the family unit than by the particular structural form it takes.    Organizations that have officially supported adoption by same-sex couples include the American Psychological Association, the Child Welfare League of America, the American Bar Association, the American Psychiatric Association, the National Association of Social Workers, the North American Council on Adoptable Children, the American Academy of Pediatrics, the American Psychoanalytic Association, and the American Academy of Family Physicians.    Fears about children of lesbian or gay parents being sexually abused by adults, ostracized by peers, or isolated in single-sex lesbian or gay communities have received no scientific support. Overall, results of research suggest that the development, adjustment, and well-being of children with lesbian and gay parents do not differ markedly from that of children with heterosexual parents.	FAVOR
1130	gayRights	It is not proven by any means that sexual orientation is mutable.  Just because some people are bisexual does not prove that any and every person could change his/her innate sexual orientation.  Clearly, the physical capability exists for most people to interact sexually with a person of either gender, but that does not equate to a basic orientation of bisexuality.  Most people are FAR more attracted, physically and emotionally, to the opposite gender than to their own gender.  They cannot wilfully change this orientation to force themselves to feel the same degree (or even close) of attraction towards persons of their own gender.  In the same way, a smaller segment of the population is FAR more attracted, physically and emotionally, to people of the same gender, and  cannot wilfully change this orientation to force themselves to feel the same degree (or even close) of attraction towards persons of the opposite gender.	FAVOR
1131	gayRights	I think the major point that everyone is missing is that few people would get married if it were not for the benefits attached to such a union. If you remove the benefits, would anyone wish to get married?Marriage began as a business arrangement to secure the merging of resources between two families (  It had no special religious significance. Many people today continue to have secular marriages.However, once the state started recognizing marriages, then things like tax breaks, parental rights, hospital visitation rights, judicial protections, etc became legal benefits. The church doesn't, has never, and will never give married couples these rights.To summarize, how does giving others rights take away your rights?	FAVOR
1132	gayRights	Ha!  You have figured out my cheesy 70's movie nickname.  What a great post and I agree with you 110% but I am going to add a couple of things.  Hypothetically speaking, what if homosexuality IS evil? So what? I don't believe that myself but if you do, how does it really affect you? (not you Sid)My personal opinion is that so many things like this, both religious in nature and not, is really fueled by fear of the unknown and a lack of confidence.For example, if you are strong in your Christian faith, what do you have to lose by gaining a better understating of Islam or Buddhism?  I have traveled extensively all over the world and with each journey, I gain a greater understanding of the world and it's people but traveling abroad only enhances my love for my country.  It doesn't make me want to move there.I believe there is fear behind homophobia for most people. If you are secure in who you are, what does it matter? Fear may be the most crippling disease in the world: fear of homosexuals, fear of other cultures, fear of other races, fear of other religions and most of all, fear of change.  Fear robs people of the most wonderful parts of the human experience.	FAVOR
1133	gayRights	A gay guy wanting to marry in a christian church is like a black guy wanting to join the Ku Klux KlanBut Id rather want gay christians to marry then heterosexual christians for gay christians cant have children so they cant spread their stupid beliefs as much as heterosexualsIn terms of going to a city council and get married (for legal reasons) I think any couple regardless of sex should be able to get a certificate of that under law	FAVOR
1134	gayRights	I'm not sure why this weak argument was even included.  The heterosexual couple feels that their rights are being infringed upon?  Becuase of the wording on a legal document?  They are still allowed to get married.  What about the rights of the gay couple who wish to marry and won't be able to if this proposition passes?  Who's rights have really been trampled?  Words on a document vs. actual legal rights as a citizen of the U.S.	FAVOR
1135	gayRights	"""'You assume that rational truth is objective, that spiritual truth is not...'  Yes I do.""You never came to respond to my critique; your concept that rational truth is objective and spiritual-religious truth is not and that thus rational truth is more correct is an assumption.  You even concur that it is subjective but respond not by defending its objectivity but continuing to reinforce the idea of the apparent subjectivity of spiritual truth.  In this case, for the purposes of argument, it can be said that both rational and spiritual truth are subjective and there is not basis to argue that rational truth is higher or more true because it also falls to the realm of subjectivity.  You cannot argue...1.) Rational objective and spiritual truth is subjective2.) Objective truth is higher than subjective truth3.) Rational truth is higher than spiritual truthwhen you concur that rational truth is not objective, the logic fails.  Essentially when you answer ""Yes I do"" assume, you are begging the question.  You are assuming the thing to which you are trying to prove.  Furthermore, you assume that human beings are excellent rational beings.  A capacity for rationality does not guarantee rational excellency.  In reality most people are irrational and base choices off of not what one would could call rational and logical reasoning but on emotive  persuasions and fanciful constructions that care less with the matter of fact, as is, and more with the matter of desire, what is wanted from their self.  The idea then, that people are primarily rational is also unfounded.  Following, leaving morality to the tending of human rational thought alone is foolish.  It lacks good sense and sound judgment.  It is of no coincidence that the founders of our nation invoked divine aid in much of the process of the framing of the constitution among a great many things.  Congress opens in prayer with purpose.  Even many of the central principles of American constitutional government are founded in Judeo-Christian principles because these principles were thought of as special revelation, truth give to man from God that is superior to any form of truth gained through rational thought.  Even the Enlightenment thought of Descartes only justified the veracity of sensory evidence from which rational thought can deduct from because God guarantees the truthfulness of certain perceptions.  Without this guarantee there is not trust that anything we perceive has any basis in actual, objective reality.  The wise choice is not to leave moral truth to the realm of human rational alone.  More on this but I have to go now.  Peace Sid,Spencer"	AGAINST
1136	gayRights	"""Point one: I am a purist and I want the word 'marriage' to mean exactly what those who invented the word years ago defined it to be, ""A civil union between a man and a woman."" I don't want to change the meaning of the word to ""The loving union between two individuals.""If a Civil Union was what they defined Marriage to be then what? You now have both of the words and/or statements by which the union is known. Does this mean we can have neither? If, as you state, we are not entitled to it then what shall people who wish to be married and enjoy a Civil Union be called? And why should it have to change? All any gay couple wishes to have are the things that are already defined by these words. If you change it, then you must define it. Then the ball starts to roll again in the direction of not being equal to Heterosexual people...but we are in all ways but one.I, for one, am not in a war of any kind. I use logic and yes, I do use emotion along with logic in order to get some points across. Of course I can agree on the larger picture of people wanting something they are not entitled to but who decides we are not in this case? Straight people! Is this in any way just? I don't think it is and I wouldn't think so if the tables were turned."	FAVOR
1137	gayRights	So how does this hurt people? I have a religion that says being Christian is an abomination, does that mean I can outlaw Christianity?The Bible says a lot of crazy shit. You can't touch pigskin with your bare hands, you can't work on sunday etc... But my favorite is the one that says you're allowed to beat your slave to death so long as it takes longer then a day...	FAVOR
1138	gayRights	You say that the reproductive organs of humans are clearly designed for each other; is this not true of all the   animals   who engage in   homosexuality   as well?  Or are these animals 'unnatural'?  And if they are, whatever could their motive be?	FAVOR
1139	gayRights	Those who turn to Leviticus and other passages to confirm preconcieved beliefs about homosexuality are only cherry picking--these same books say many other normal things are sins, from the sorts of clothes one wears to what you eat. Do those who find homosexuality sinful find the other things in these passages sinful as well? Or are they cherry picking?	FAVOR
1140	gayRights	"The entire premise of this argument rests on the premise that the current debate is analogous to a decision made 40 years ago, referred to as the Divorce Experiment.  I am extremely skeptical of this assertion since divorce has existed for thousands of years and there has been no mention of who participated in or initiated this experiment.The remaining point made in this argument seems to be that divorce is hard on children, and I wholeheartedly agree, but without any proof of the assertion of a similarity between the two ""Experiments"", the rest of the argument is a non sequitur.If you read this comment, could you please explain what you mean?"	FAVOR
1141	gayRights	This comment is a perfect example of what a previous poster was talking about - opposition to this issue is based on religious dogmas. As long as you're proving them right at every turn, your side will never gain any ground with rationalists. 	FAVOR
1142	gayRights	My father walked out when I was three and my brother was six. Has our lack of a masculine finger crippled us horribly? No.This shouldn't even be a question. If two loving people are prepared to take a child into their home, out of a corrupt system that simply doesn't work, why would that not be allowed?	FAVOR
1143	gayRights	It's sad that you're arguing it.Please tell me that most of the dipshit comments you've made were jokes. Because I'd like you to know, you can't hear sarcasm over the internet.You may want to be an ass, and it may make you giggle, but it's not funny.	FAVOR
1144	gayRights	I don't believe that gay marriage can hurt anyone, people just tend not to like seeing the same sex together, its just awkward,that's why there is men and women. Can't find a woman you like, keep looking because there are plenty in the sea.	FAVOR
1145	gayRights	"""homosexual behavior has been observed in close to 1500 species, ranging from primates to gut worms, and is well documented for 500 of them"" -  ""backwards evolution"" ?? great example of what people say when their argument has no substanceisn't it just as unnatural for someone who is gay to act straight because of your morals...?actual people studying the influencing factors - rather than pulling them out of their (naughty place to you)"	FAVOR
1146	gayRights	We teach our children the same things any parent teaches his or her children.  That seems rather obvious to me.  First they learn about their own bodies.  They ask questions and a parent answers those questions honestly, but at the level of detail appropriate to the age of the child.  Then they notice differences about the other gender (in our case, our daughters observed that the family dogs were built a little differently).  The parent again explains what the child has observed, at a level appropriate to the child's age and questions.There is nothing particularly difficult, here.  	FAVOR
1147	gayRights	Internet or not...This IS a DEBATE SITE and not a garbage pail! It certainly doesn't have to be C-SPAN but it would be nice if this site and the people who debate here were taken a bit more seriouly than this! This isn't open mike night at The Comedy Club...if it were, he'd lose.	FAVOR
1148	gayRights	"We shouldn't take kids away from parents unless of course it's abuse or something. ""Gay people have fine morals! They have jobs, they pay taxes, they participate in committed loving relationships, they love and respect their parents.""Not to be crude but the same can be said for child molesters. Homosexuality is also a sin, but you don't believe in god so whats the point in debating? ""Other than what your faith teaches you, what don't you like about homosexuality?""Well, I don't like anything that distorts what a family really is. Our definitions of family and morality are obviously different. And it is a sin."	AGAINST
1149	gayRights	"Who taught you how to read? ""If you don't...""I was only challenging you to make an actually point. Which, at the time, you were not doing. I didn't actually want you to shut up.""And I'm not accusing the country of everything.""I meant anything. But everything does work, too. Because everything includes anything. And no, I didn't accuse the country of anything or everything. I am blaming your religion for oppressing people. Your religion used lies and fear mongering, in order to change the law via 'democracy', to do so. And that is wrong, in my opinion.And what lies? Those were the 'facts' that the Mormon church, from Utah, paid to spread in California. None of it was true."	FAVOR
1150	gayRights	"How can you say that genetics doesn't dictate a persons entire life. If some is born with a genetic disorder like perhaps cerebral palsy. There whole life is going to be dictated by that disease there going to have limitations on what it's possible for them to do and ,its sad but, they are also going to be looked at as ""lesser"" by other people. Just like certain people Look down others because there gay, people look down on others because the have genetic disorders that can't be helped. So to say that genetics doesn't dictate your life is completely wrong. Even If you were right about being able to  control what your sexual orientation is, A strait man will never be happy if he's in a relationship with a gay man, and a gay man will never be happy in a relationship with a women. You make it sound like being gay is a disease that can be cured when that's not the case at all. "	FAVOR
1151	gayRights	"In the Loving v. Virginia case before the US Supreme Court (which struck bans on interracial marriage), the decision states, ""Marriage is one of the 'basic civil rights of man,' fundamental to our very existence and survival.... The Fourteenth Amendment requires that the freedom of choice to marry not be restricted by invidious racial discrimination. Under our Constitution, the freedom to marry, or not marry, a person of another race resides with the individual and cannot be infringed by the State."" Marriage is a legal contract formed and recognized by the state, and the people have the right to choose their partner in this contract. Nothing could be simpler."	FAVOR
1152	gayRights	" Homosexual parenting is just as good as heterosexual parenting Numerous studies indicate that homosexual parenting has proven equally capable as heterosexual parenting. "	FAVOR
1153	gayRights	Upon reflection, it might be helpful if I briefly address the verses you quoted.Lev 18:22 and 20:13 - These verses were NEVER about committed, faithful, non-cultic same sex relationships.                               I Cor 6:9 and I Tim 1:10 - These verses were never about committed, faithful, non-cultic same sex relationships.Malakoi            Arsenokoitai            Hope this is helpful in your continued study of these interesting texts. Your brother in Christ,Rick Brentlinger      	FAVOR
1154	gayRights	Before we can determine what scripture means for us today, we must understand what it meant for the people to whom it was originally given back then. In plainer words, what scripture means today is limited by what it meant back then.Scripture cannot mean NOW what it did not mean THEN.Whatever meaning we assign to Paul's words has to have been a probable understanding in the first century.There are three areas which help us understand what Paul meant back then.1. The historical context. First century Rome was an idolatrous culture with hundreds of temples to pagan gods and goddesses. One fertility goddess in particular was Cybele, known as the Protectress of Rome.        2. The religious context. The most prominent goddess figure in first century Rome was Cybele, the Phrygian fertility goddess. Five worship sites honored her in Rome at the time Paul wrote Romans.Roman coins bearing Cybele's likeness were inscribed with the words, Mater Deum, Mother of the gods.Cybele was worshiped by castrated Galli priests who offered themselves sexually to male worshipers.This is what Paul describes in Romans 1, citing the Old Testament experience of Jews who had rebelled against God and practiced fertility goddess worship.3. The way Christians back then understood Paul's words in Romans 1.Aristides, preaching before the Roman Emperor Hadrian, AD 126, linked Paul's words in Romans 1 to shrine prostitution.Justin Martyr, preaching around AD 150, linked Paul's words in Romans 1 to shrine prostitution.        To read Romans 1 today and say scripture is condemning a committed, faithful, non-cultic lesbian or gay partnership is to give the text a new meaning which was unknown to the original readers.And if it was unknown to the original readers, then that interpretation cannot be true because:Scripture cannot mean NOW what it did not mean THEN.	FAVOR
1155	gayRights	I offer these helpful free resources which do a great job of explaining the cultural, historical and religious situation Paul addressed in first century Rome.        Remember that Romans addressed a real historical situation in the first century. Cybele, the fertility goddess, had five temples in her honor in first century Rome.         There is no logical or thoughtful way to divorce our modern understanding of Romans 1 from the cultural, historical and religious situation in the first century. I know it goes against what you've been taught but facts are facts.        	FAVOR
1156	gayRights	I disagree. And I'm actually picking your argument to comment on because it made more sense than most of the others on here. Although you are right in saying each parent gives certain lessons to a child and it's important that that child has different influences, these lessons do not have to come from people of the same gender. Different parents are going to be different no matter their gender. Nurturing doesn't necessarily come from the mother and discipline from the father. Also, say the parents are both men, the children aren't going to be secluded from women in their life. They will have aunts, grandmothers, teachers, family friends, etc that can serve as role models and examples. Also, regardless of whether your arguments make sense or not, it simply isn't shown in any studies done on children raised by gay parents	FAVOR
1157	gayRights	Ok people think about what you individually do because it is an automatic action and the actions you chose to take. It is as simple as that.	FAVOR
1158	gayRights	NO I do not believe that for a min... That is the arguement they use to defend themselves for in my opinion being weird. 	AGAINST
1159	gayRights	"The idea 'homosexuality is sin' is a religious belief, but it is not the only one.  Many people of faith believe, based on the Bible, that homosexuality is not sin.  Further, they believe that labeling the loving intimacy between two people of the same gender as 'an abomination' is not only a false translation of ""toe'vah"", but because it falls in a passage that requires the death penalty, the claim is a overt repudiation of Christ's teachings and a covert death threat.In other words, to many progressive and liberal Christians, 'homosexuality is sin' is incompatible with Christian faith and life.Since there is no such thing as a gay lifestyle, such claims are 'bearing false witness' which is repeatedly forbidden in the Bible.Before posting one's religious views as fact, one should consider that they are, at best, speculation, and often lead one into sin, such as bearing false witness."	FAVOR
1160	gayRights	Oops, sorry. Opposing Views cut out the Link I posted in the previous answer.    	FAVOR
1161	gayRights	G-d only wrote a very small part of it--specifically, the 10 Commandments. The rest was dictated.	FAVOR
1162	gayRights	Another piece of brilliance from machonazi! That is now the counter to feminazi....what you call women!	FAVOR
1163	gayRights	"Hmmmm, I did go read the article you put in your posting and still left going ""huh?"" Really I could see no real link that you were attempting to establish regarding gay people. Actually, this would give some credence to the fact that DESPITE the ""norms"" influence gay people remain gay. We may hide a little more, due to the uncertainty of those that are different from us. Not shame mind you, but uncertainty as many have been on the receiving end of violence, predjudice and judgements. Safety and survival a human instinct we all have.I was born to straight parents, Christians, 7 kids and in SOUTH DAKOTA, definetly not my surroundings that influenced my sexuality. Although I guess on some level it was correct. I did try to hide, fake it and be ""normal"" and as a result suffered and made myself a victim. No more."	FAVOR
1164	gayRights	"To get at the original intent of why the Bible appears to condemn homosexuality, we must take a dive into the Middle Ages.According to William N. Eskridge, Jr. (writing under the Virginia Law Review), ""The early church fathers Ã most notably Clement, Jerome, Origen, and Augustine Ã developed a philosophy of sexual abstinency that problematized any sexual activity done for pleasure itself.  But other, non-Christian traditions in Roman society Ã Stoicism, Neo-Platonism, Manicheanism Ã similarly urged that 'intercourse was supposed to take place only so as to produce children.  The couple must not make love for the sake of pleasure alone.'""The last sentence is crucial, here.  The couple must not make love for the sake of pleasure alone.  Why?  Because it is selfish and serves no productive purpose for society.  The ideas behind homosexual acts being a sin are the same as heterosexual acts with contraceptives being a sin, or the same as masturbation being a sin.  Pure, selfish pleasure is bad because it is unproductive and turns the focus from helping society to helping one's self.When the Bible condemns homosexuality, it condemns selfishness.  Homosexual love isn't selfish.  Homosexual love is no different from heterosexual love.  Homosexual love represents devotion, affection, trust, respect, all of the same ideals that heterosexual love represents.  True homosexual love is selfless.Don't hate homosexuality.  Hate selfish acts."	FAVOR
1165	gayRights	Good points, Christine.   I think people usually narrow their focus on only what affects them the most.  It's a fact of human psychology that people most often condemn the things in themselves that they find most hard to accept.  Most homophobic people are either fearful of some of the feelings of affection for the same gender, which upsets or confuses them, or they're closeted and can't face it.  So they find whatever they can, wherever they can, to somehow counter the confusion.  Literature like the Bible gives people ample material to quote in order to deal with their own problems.  They are attacking what they dislike the most in themselves, and looking for the best ammunition they can find.Of course, every time I say this to a homophobe, they get outraged and defensive...which is also explained in basic psychology texts.  That's why you'll never win an argument with a religious fundamentalist about a subject like this...not until they accept themselves and their feelings.  I have to admit that although I find their views offensive, I do feel sorry for the conflict that goes on inside them.	FAVOR
1166	gayRights	"I inadvertently submitted this as though I were ""uncommitted"". This is not true: so that you may know my biases, I am firmly on the ""yes"" side.Also, the odd structure of the post is because I was not sure if HTML is accepted hereÃ‘apparently not. If it were, the quotes would be indented, and my rebuttals to the numbered suppositions would be presented as a numbered list. Also, a couple of words would have been emphasised.My apologies for any confusion caused. To present my excuses: this is my first time on the site, and as a web developer I am naturally inclined to use HTML if I think I possibly can!"	FAVOR
1167	gayRights	"I am not gay. I have nothing against gays.  It is their life, not mine. I am not religious.  Why must I face this barrage over this book which I feel has no mandate in MY life? This is a collections of writings from a time when very few people could write. I find it no more binding than a collection of National Enquirer's from the 1950's.When it comes to civil rights, the Bible should be left at home. Government and religion should not mix.  Ever.I respect your rights to have your faith. Please respect my absence of faith.Where gayness and sin are concerned.... leave them alone.  Don't they have enough to deal with?  Can you imagine how difficult it is to be different and on top of that to be told that you are a ""sinner""?  How cruel can you be to do this?No, it is not a sin. Show me where it is a ""sin"" without using your book. How can love be wrong?  Honestly, I just don't get it.Michelle"	FAVOR
1168	gayRights	"How does a single father explain ""girl stuff?"" That's just fine, but when it happens to be two men, it's not okay anymore. I don't see the difference here.For that matter, how does a single mother explain ""boy stuff?"" This situation is socially accepted, but essentially the same thing isn't when it's two of the same sex. As long as the kid's fine who really cares? Why is that?"	FAVOR
1169	gayRights	" Children do not need distinct male and female parental role-models What children need first is love, compassion, and care from their parents. In addition, children are highly influenced by their social environment as much as their parents, making it unreasonable to place such a high importance on the attributes that parents display. "	FAVOR
1170	gayRights	"Wow, bagpiper2005, every time I want to reply to a post you beat me to the punch and convey your opinions intelligently as well as passionately- kudos to you.It I've read various posts for and against this subject and it seems as though the only people who are against it straightforwardly are those who come across as Fundamentalist Christians who can't seem to adapt very well to the changing times. In fact, after reading the primary article we are all debating on, my first impression was: ""so... we shouldn't adapt- because 'that's the way things have always been- why change it?' how lame is that?"" I mean, we've adapted so much as humans- all different cultures- we wouldn't have   technology   if we had maintained that mindset.I also have deep rooted Christian beliefs- I'm 22, saving for   marriage  , (though I refuse to marry until everyone in my country is granted that right- guess I'll be a virgin for a long time, hahaha) and I have a lot of strong Christian beliefs- however, bagpiper2005, I agree that my personal beliefs should not prohibit anyone from loving whoever makes them happy- and marriage may be somewhat of a farce as of late (Celebrities are making marriage into a fad, it seems, what with the constant divorce rates and all that lovely jazz), but when I think of 'marriage' I think of happy people committing to loving one another for the rest of their lives- and the prospect of this right being denied to anyone makes me scoff.When I was 12 years old, and a goody-two shoes Christian freak, and I was first presented with the prospect of homosexual marriage (by my super religious aunt) I was so puzzled and confused by the contradictory feelings I had regarding the topic- knowing that, per my aunt, 'and the   bible  - supposedly' God doesn't love 'fags' yet God is a God of love- yeah, you can see where my brain just exploded for a while, there...So all the Fundamentalist Christian hubbub- regardless of the 'grounded evidence' presented in the bible- is just mind-blowingly asinine- even a twelve year old can see it."	FAVOR
1171	gayRights	I'm mostly against marriages for all so the last one... although I'm being forced to chose from a set I wouldn't normally chose from. Especially since there's no explanation for being against marriages for all, leaving room for interpretation, accusations, and long drawn out arguments.... but then again, that's why I'm here ;)	FAVOR
1172	gayRights	"That is such a bogus argument Joe. ""You claim to be different but want to be seen as the same."" My God man, take a black man and a white woman, they're not the same but they can now marry (since 1967!). You've seen us as different for eons and that hasn't allowed people to accept us! For all intents and purposes we are very much the same insofar as we all want the same things in life. From you, we can't get that without the fight of a lifetime ensuing. I, for one, couldn't care less if genetic engineering can one day change a gay gene! There'll be less pain in the world if that happened BUT, does anyone have the right to do that? Go work on the autism gene or the Downs syndrome gene or the idiot savant gene...then you will have accomplished something!"	FAVOR
1173	gayRights	I bet he says he would have.He needs the attention just that much.	FAVOR
1174	gayRights	"""It's funny to me that if for any reason other than   religion   you acted the way you did, you'd be considered to be crazy."" Uh...you do realize that   atheism   is a RELIGIOUS view, right? It's funny to me that if for any reason other than your cliche, bombastically hateful views of religious people you acted the way you did you'd be considered an asshole. Oh wait...This is what I gather from your conversation: michaelz wrote about a difficult personal decision he's made, and you decided to go ahead and tear it all to pieces on a public forum because you can. Thanks for trying to make atheists look bad, buddy. I'm sure they appreciate it more than you know."	FAVOR
1175	gayRights	"Bruce Crumley. ""France Overruled on Gay Adoption"". Time. Jan. 24, 2008 "	FAVOR
1176	gayRights	"Wow, I was so done with your arguements. You completely ignore every point made by anyone. Then twist around words to fit in this weird idea you have that somehow gays are discriminating against you by wanting to get married. Then you start making up stories about your sister being ""scared"" of all the gays on her way to school...At first I thought you were a sane, but misled person. Now I am really beginning to believe you are crazy.There are no gays rioting the streats. No one's lives or daughters or sisters are in mortal danger.You don't see how comments like that are even more hateful and destructive than just saying things like ""I hate fags?"" Because they really are.Then you tried to compare gay people to pediphiles! You don't see that gay marriage is between two consenting people?You really need to write an apology for this entire arguement..."	FAVOR
1177	gayRights	It resurrects itself every 4 years when Republicans need to get out the vote. It inflames (and funds) liberal and conservative support organizations and forces moderate politicians to choose between hate-spewing intolerant right-wingers and a lifestyle that most Americans find distasteful. Thanks Karl Rove!To approximately quote Jon Stewart, I don't have to marry a gay person, right? Just like you don't have to marry someone of another race. or religion. or hair color. The only reason same-sex marriage is not legal is you can't get reelected in most states if you support it. Give the US another 25 years and maybe the general consensus will have changed.The philosophical/religious/parenting debates are incredibly emotional, stirring discussions that attract voters' attention but lead to no resolution. No rational person can agree that somehow limiting two consenting adults from entering a recognized marriage benefits society in anyway. However politics is highly irrational, religious views won't be swayed by research and lobbying organizations don't attract money by avoiding emotionally charged rhetoric.So should it be? Sure. Will it be? Not for awhile.	FAVOR
1178	gayRights	"six11 wrote:""i am under the belief and conviction that the verses you listed above are in fact in context and speak out against homosexuality (even ""committed and faithful"" relationships of such).""If we approach the Bible without the presupposition that homosexuality is wrong, it is difficult to conclude from what the Bible says, in context, that committed, faithful, non-cultic homosexual partnerships are wrong.Take the Sodom story for instance. It is alleged to be a story condemning homosexuality in the strongest fashion possible. If homosexuality is wrong, we would expect the Bible to say so in some of the 48 places where Sodom is mentioned in the Bible. Instead, we discover that wherever Sodom is mentioned in the Bible, homosexuality is not mentioned or condemned.      If I cited Genesis 34 (a passage about heterosexual rape) as a proof text against heterosexuality, you would contend that its wrong to take a passage about rape and based on that passage, condemn heterosexuality.Yet Exodus and most anti-gay Christians feel no remorse in using a passage about attempted violent rape as a proof text that homosexuality is wrong.In the Leviticus 18:22 and 20:13 portion of the Holiness Code, God carefully places His proscription of male male sex in the context of pagan worship, Lev 18:3, taking care to mention Molech in Lev 18:21, just before prohibiting male male sex in Lev 18:22.In the Leviticus 20:13 passage, we find the same context. God carefully mentions and forbids Molech worship in Lev 20:2, 3, 4, 5 and then prohibits male male sex in Lev 20:13 and then reiterates the pagan worship context in Lev 20:23.      *******************************I wonder then, what informs your ""belief and conviction"" that the Bible speaks against homosexuality, even ""committed and faithful"" relationships? How did you get convicted to believe something the Bible does not say?*******************************You asked, Where does God approve of homosexuality in the Bible?I believe God approves of committed, faithful, non-cultic, same sex partnerships in the true story of the 15 year committed relationship Jonathan and David enjoyed, I Samuel 18 - II Samuel 9.Of course most scriptures about marriage partnerships deal with the 95% norm. For the other 5%, exclusive, same sex marriage partnerships between two men or two women were NOT the norm in Biblical times. Therefore, there was no reason to address the issue of gay marriage in the Bible, just as there was no reason to address the issue of nuclear energy back then. six11 wrote:""if GOD 'made people gay' and allowed them to be gay... HE would have spoken about such relationships in the Bible - positively""Okay. Please carefully read Matthew 19:11-12. ""For there are some eunuchs, which were so born from their motherÃ•s womb: and there are some eunuchs, which were made eunuchs of men: and there be eunuchs which have made themselves eunuchs for the kingdom of heavenÃ•s sake. He that is able to receive it, let him receive it.Ã“Jesus does speak positively about ""born eunuchs."" A ""born eunuch"" is someone who was born without the desire for opposite sex marriage in the Adam and Eve model and Jesus specifically exempts ""born eunuchs"" from the Adam and Eve marriage paradigm.The leading anti-gay evangelical, Dr. Robert Gagnon, admits that:""Probably ""born eunuchs"" in the ancient world did include people homosexually inclined...""      I'm enjoying our conversation."	FAVOR
1179	gayRights	You are far too young for me to even explain to you why i disagree...........................	FAVOR
1180	gayRights	Well me being in the gay community of course i dont think it hurts anyone. The only people i can see that it hurts, would possibly be the parents of gays. Other than that if people just mind there business, and not discriminate against gays then it'll all be ok.	FAVOR
1181	gayRights	"I don't believe the Bible ever relates to ""Adam and Steve"" It does however relate to ""Adam and Eve."" Because someone claims to be a minister it does not qualify that individual to give his personal definition of what ""sin"" is. It's a personal belief. During my lifetime I heard so many different explainations and definitions on this one word until I finally took my mother's advice and found my own answers in the way I believe. "	AGAINST
1182	gayRights	"sorry for taking so long rick - i tried to post a response earlier, but wasn't able to do so for some reason.  so i will try and remember what i said in my last response this time around.i hear what you're saying about david and jonathan, and i have heard these arguments before, but i just am not convinced that this particular situation is talking about two gay guys.here's how i understand the story of these two guys: david and jonathan were two devoted friends who loved each other - and were even willing to die for each other.  i too have a love for my best friend (pete) who i would die for if asked to.  i love the guy.  but it's not in a homosexual way, as you allude to between david and jonathan.also, when they are weeping with each other, it's at a time when david and jonathan are going separate ways - most likely never to see each other again.  david was running for his life, cause jon's dad wanted to kill him - not to mention kill jonathan too.  no wonder they both were crying ... wouldn't you?  i know when i moved to another state from pete, we both wept.  we both embraced.  we both kissed each other goodbye and said 'i love yous'.  same was done when pete moved to africa for awhile.  there's nothing gay about those situations.  i just don't see the connection.i have read your comments else, so i know you are schooled in this subject, as am i.  i also am sure that i won't be able to convince you of my belief, just as i'm sure you won't be able to convince me of yours.  though we can agree to disagree, i can still be civil to you.  i don't think arguing is going to get anyone anywhere in this issue.  truth has been presented from both sides, giving support by their own experts.in the end only one truth will stand to be correct.you ask me to give you scripture that condemns ""a committed, faithful, non-cultic same sex partnership"", and well i can't do that because there aren't any verses.  in fact there aren't any positive verses about homosexuality anywhere in the bible - only ones calling it a sin.  i am under the belief and conviction that the verses you listed above are in fact in context and speak out against homosexuality (even ""committed and faithful"" relationships of such).as i asked the above poster before me, where does GOD approve of homosexuality in the Bible?  so far no one has answered that question.  i think its a valid one to be asked and should be answered.  whenever GOD speaks about marriage, parenting, or even men lusting with their eyes, it is always between a man and a woman.  wouldn't you think that if GOD 'made people gay' and allowed them to be gay that HE would have spoken about such relationships in the Bible - positively and not just negatively?thanks for the conversation."	AGAINST
1183	gayRights	No; gays should NOT have the right to marry because homosexuality is immoral and just not right.	AGAINST
1184	gayRights	"""This is why we, as a society, do not allow single mothers to raise kids. It's just not healthy"" how can you say that society doesnt allow single mothers to parent so gays shouldnt either? around 50% of marriages dont last, gay or straight regardless creating single parents. single mothers and fathers raise children all the time with complete sucess and in that situation there is only 1 parent. in a gay marriage there are 2 parenting so it would only create more stability and a better concept of family. im sorry to say that most who are so insecure about any aspects of homosexuality are probably insecure with themselves."	FAVOR
1185	gayRights	something like that has to be KIND OF true.	AGAINST
1186	gayRights	" ""Don't ask don't tell"" invites hearsay accusations ""Don't Ask, Don't Tell? No, Just Don't Be."" Jezebel. Feb 11 2009 - ""Amy Brian enlisted in the military for 3 years in the 90s, and then came back in 2003 only to be deployed to Iraq. But it was a trip to Wal-Mart that did her in. [...] In that trip, a civilian co-worker at the U.S. Property and Fiscal Office saw Brian kiss her girlfriend. So despite not asking nor telling, she was kicked out of the military. [...] The federal law states the military must have proof of the homosexual conduct, an admission from the soldier or an attempt or successful application for marriage to another gay person by the soldier. [...] Apparently, 'proof' is one person noticing that you're living your personal life on your own terms, and requires no corroboration."""	FAVOR
1187	gayRights	This is what Christ say about marriage relationships & sexual immorality.Mark Chapter 10 vs. 6-9But from the beginning of the creation God made them male and female.  For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and cleave to his wife; And they twain shall be one flesh:  So then they are no more twain, but one flesh.  What therefore God hath joined together, let not man put asunder.Romans 1 vs 25-32.Who changed the truth of God into a lie, and worshipped and served the creature more than the Creator, who is blessed for ever.  A-men.  For this cause God gave them up unto vile affections: for even their women did change the natural use into that which is against nature:  And likewise also the men, leaving the natural use of the woman, burned in their lust one toward another; men with men working that which is unseemly, and receiving in themselves that recompence of their error which was meet.  And even as they did not like to retain God in their knowledge, God gave them over to a reprobate mind to do those things which are not convenient;  Being filled with all unrighteousness, maliciousness; full of envy murder, debate, deceit, malignity; whispers, Backbiters, haters of God, despiteful, proud, boasters, inventors of evil things, disobedient to parents, Without understanding, covenantbreakers, without natural affection, implacable, unmerciful:Who knowing the judgment of God, that they which commit such things are worthy of death, not only do the same, but have pleasure in them that do them.This is how you know you belong to God.I John 1 vs 8-10If we say we have no sin [refusing to admit that we are sinners], we delude and lead ourselves astray, and the Truth  [which the Gospel presents] is not in us [does  not dwell in our hearts].  If we [freely] admit that we have sinned and confess our sins, He is faithful and just ( true to His own nature and promises) and will forgive our sins [ dismiss our lawlessness] and [ continuously] cleanse us from all unrighteousness [everything not in conformity to His will in purpose, thought, and action].  If  we say ( claim) we have not sinned, we contradict His Word and make Him out to be false and a liar, and His Word is not in us [ the divine message of the Gospel is not in our hearts].1John Chapter 2 vs.3-4And this is how we may discern [daily, by experience] that we are coming to know Him [ to perceive, recognize, understand, and become better acquainted with Him]:  if we keep (bear in mind, observe, practice His teachings (precepts, commandments).Whoever says, I know Him [ I perceive, recognize, understand, and am acquainted with Him] but fails to keep and obey His commandments (teachings) is a liar, and the Truth [ of the Gospel] is not in him.	AGAINST
1188	gayRights	"Your argument has no foundation. It is like asking whether women in Afghanistan should be stoned if they cheat on their husbands and then quote the Quran. Do you believe in separation of church and state? Policy issues that affect a population that is allowed to freely choose their own religion (unless you state that there is no freedom of religion in the U.S.) should not be addressed through religion. Gays should be allowed to form unions that are legitimate under the law. Whether it be called ""marriage"" from a Christian point of view is irrelevant. The legality of a union does not depend on the church but on state laws."	FAVOR
1189	gayRights	...Congress is the primary legislative organ of the State.	FAVOR
1190	gayRights	How FUCKING ironic.........................................	AGAINST
1191	gayRights	"""Don't ask don't tell"" forbids homosexual acts, not homosexuality. ""The Pentagon's New Policy Guidelines on Homosexuals in the Military"". The New York Times. July 20, 1993 - ""Sexual orientation will not be a bar to service unless manifested by homosexual conduct. The military will discharge members who engage in homosexual conduct, which is defined as a homosexual act, a statement that the member is homosexual or bisexual, or a marriage or attempted marriage to someone of the same gender.""[14]"	AGAINST
1192	gayRights	It being a 'sin' is irrelevant. Minds are like parachutes, they only function when open.You say yours eyes are open, that's great. Now try your brain.Homosexuality has been a sin for only about 2000 years now... You are a product of brainwashing. I'm not going to say that again, because as a product, you can't understand it. But you need to open your mind and understand that there is nothing wrong with being gay!And again, the bible is not meant to be applied to law. So YES, gays should adopt.And what is a family to you?Family is an ambiguous word these days. I hope you don't have that picturesque little household with a white picket fence, with a mom and dad, and a Golden Retriever who brings in the paper, et cetera... because that would be weird.It's a matter of perception. And I have to tell you that other than biblical references, there is no excuse for thinking being gay is wrong. Or for thinking that gay people can't raise children. They aren't retarded. They understand the world, and the people in it. And they have love to give, and can create a stable environment for a child just as well as a straight couple. Every difference is trivial.	FAVOR
1193	gayRights	"As a gay person and advocate. I have yet to read any type of document, order, newspaper article etc that prints out a ""Gay Agenda"" Lord knows no two gays can agree on anything let alone an agenda. If you have such a copy please Print it out here as that way we all can see what our plans are. As for gay marriage, No   religion  , I said NO religion or   bible   prohibits gays or str8's from getting married. In fact the Catholic church has ceremonies that were used in the past for just such type of marriages. My god ( Budda ) does NOT prohibit such marriages at all. Nor do most religions in the world. Many Christian churches allow such unions. So to say that it is abnormal is your only arguement and that one is bogus also.  Nature itself has gay couples, Penguins, Horses, cows, elephants, birds, bats, and so on. So that arguement is bogus also. I suggest you study nature and you will see that it is a fact of nature. Then come back here and place a new arguement FOR gay marriages. "	FAVOR
1194	gayRights	"Yes Pineapple, listen to the 17 year old who lives with his parents about what is childish.""""we live in a country of religious freedom... where religion has the freedom to oppress.""FALSENow you are blaming America. Well I'm on Americas side. You should be more grateful to live in this country.""Remember the pyramid that you so arrogantly showed Pineapple the other day?Well you just resorted to contradiction, responding to tone, and ad hominem.You said ""FALSE"" without providing evidence.You criticized Pineapple for ""blaming America"" without providing evidence for the actual argument.You then criticized Pineapple herself telling her to be more grateful, while once again failing to argue the actual point.Irony sure is a fickle mistress.Furthermore she is on America's side too, which is why when she sees a problem with the country she brings it up. Criticizing the country for it's wrongdoings is the most patriotic thing you can do."	FAVOR
1195	gayRights	I think gays give up too much when they use the genetic argument to deflect moral judgments of their lifestyle. Obviously, being gay isn't like deciding to eat ice cream. It arises out of a complex array of choices made as one grows up. It would be silly to claim that everything we like in life is the result of our DNA, and this applies to sexual preference as well. It's equally silly to claim that homosexuality is immoral because it's not 'natural', especially if what's natural is based on animal behavior. We're humans. How much of what we do is natural by that standard? Is kissing natural?  My verdict would be that homosexuality is neither genetic nor immoral. It's one way for humans to live. There is a great deal of self destructive behavior that both homosexuals and heterosexuals indulge in with regard to their sex lives. That kind of behavior is wrong, but the preference itself is not. 	AGAINST
1196	gayRights	"No, I'm not gay. ""The only people who could POSSIBLY mind gays are gay people who don't want to be gay"" that is false, what about the other 20% you mentioned?"	AGAINST
1197	gayRights	"SuperDelegate says ""fact that it is rare and is not selected for genetically and it can not reproduce itself genetically over time says that it is an abnomally."".By this logic ants, bees and similar colony based societal insects would have long ago died out as most of the populaiton there is asexual. Consider that every single asexual worker ant you see has had an unbroken chain of reproducing ancestors for hundreds of years. Every single one is the offspring of a queen and a mate, yet lives its life without ever having sex. How is that selected for?Some studies suggest that you're more likely to be gay if you have more older brothers. (     / ). This would suggest that your mother carries the genes to make you a gay man. How does she benefit genetically? Consider you have four reproducing brothers, each one impregnates a seperate girl who takes nine months to come to term. Who are you going to impregnate? Better for the family if, like ants, you assist in maintaining your nieces and nephews health until breeding age rather than fruitlessly competing with your siblings.Given the fruit fly studies I would not be surprised if there is a gay gene, however I would also not be surprised if this is an issue of hormonal balance in gestation. I would also believe that in some instances gayness can be environmental. It really doesn't matter one way or another to me but I do believe that at least some, probably most, gays are born homosexual (for valid biological reasons) and should be allowed to live their life however they please. From a purely selfish viewpoint, more gay men means more choice of partner for me and less competition for them. In fact I may start a campaign of straight men for gays! (except lesbians, sorry but that doesn't help me at all does it?!) Joking aside I have phrased this argument with the gay being a man but it is equally as valid for the ladies."	FAVOR
1198	gayRights	"I'd like to know what you define as a ""normal"" mindset. Here's a link to the Child Welfare Information Gateway:  Children get teased for many reasons. ""Gay and lesbian parents are well aware of the difficulties that a child may face - many have dealt with prejudice all of their lives. Most see it as an opportunity for ongoing discussion that will help their children grow as people.""According to studies, ""Wendell Ricketts and Roberta Achtenberg, in the article ""Adoption and Foster Parenting for Lesbians and Gay Men: Creating New Traditions in Family"" from Homosexuality and Family Relations, address social workers grappling with the issue by asking, ""...should children be sheltered from every experience in which their difference might challenge prejudice, ignorance, or the status quo (or in which they would be 'exposed' to the difference of others)? Agencies conforming to such a standard must ask themselves whether it is their function to honor the system that generates stigma by upholding its constraints."" They continue, ""Teasing is what children do. Does this mean that child welfare policy must be set at a level no higher than the social interactions of children?""""The bulk of evidence to date indicates that children raised by gay and lesbian parents are no more likely to become homosexual than children raised by heterosexuals. As one researcher put it, ""If heterosexual parenting is insufficient to ensure that children will also be heterosexual, then there is no reason to conclude that children of homosexuals also will be gay"". 11""Studies asking the children of gay fathers to express their sexual orientation showed the majority of children to be heterosexual, with the proportion of gay offspring similar to that of a random sample of the population. An assessment of more than 300 children born to gay or lesbian parents in 12 different samples shows no evidence of ""significant disturbances of any kind in the development of sexual identity among these individuals"". 12""Courts have expressed concern that children raised by gay and lesbian parents may have difficulties with their personal and psychological development, self-esteem, and social and peer relationships. Because of this concern, researchers have focused on children's development in gay and lesbian families.The studies conclude that children of gay or lesbian parents are no different than their counterparts raised by heterosexual parents. In ""Children of Lesbian and Gay Parents,"" a 1992 article in Child Development, Charlotte Patterson states, ""Despite dire predictions about children based on well-known theories of psychosocial development, and despite the accumulation of a substantial body of research investigating these issues, not a single study has found children of gay or lesbian parents to be disadvantaged in any significant respect relative to children of heterosexual parents.""Psychiatrist Laurintine Fromm, of the Institute of Pennsylvania Hospital, agrees with that finding. ""[The] literature...does not indicate that these children fare any worse [than those of heterosexual parents] in any area of psychological development or sexual identity formation. A parent's capacity to be respectful and supportive of the child's autonomy and to maintain her own intimate attachments, far outweighs the influence of the parent's sexual orientation alone."""	FAVOR
1199	gayRights	My dear Baba, as a scientist in a different field, I can tell you that there has not been enough time to come up with a scientific proof either way. Besides, I did say that the children from homes with same sex parents will grow up and become very good citizens. But that's not the point. Just like the kids growing up in certain areas like East LA, Compton etc are at a disadvantage but can grow up to become the president of the united states. But the disadvantage is still there and those kids will either have to work harder to learn what is a given to the kids with opposite sex parents or they may never get to know certain realities until they get married to the opposite sex and discover a whole new world.Another point many of us forget is that science is not everything. When it comes to emotions of a human being, or the behavior of a child science has a long way to go. There are 1000s of therapists trying to help people but they admit that help comes from within, therapists (who could be the scientist in this case) ca only give opinions. no facts involved. This is not Math or Physics, it's feelings. Finally as a father I know facts about my children that no doctor, psychiatrist or scientist could tell me. It's not a matter what I can answer or my wife can. It's the difference between a femail sensitivity and that of a man's that makes my wife and I a perft team to deal with our children's emotional needs.	AGAINST
1200	gayRights	"Marriaige is completely a religious thing.While many of us would prefer that this were the case, our current situation attaches civil benefits to marriage. As such, it is not ""completely a religious thing."" And religion does not allow homosexuality.That depends on the religion."	FAVOR
1201	gayRights	I just want to comment about your seemingly rhetorical last question. If it is predetermined then doesn't that imply some kind of nonhuman realm where thought and morals exist, ie God?	AGAINST
1202	gayRights	"you suggest that opposing gay marriage on the basis of its ""unnatural-ness"" is a completely logical stance.  i find that...strange.the word itself, ""unnatural"" is one of those bogeyman words that in itself means nothing, while saying much of the speaker.  by some standards, it is ""unnatural"" to conduct discussions with people one has never met, nor indeed am ever likely to meet.  while it certainly recalls to mind epistolary debates such as the lively exchange within the screwtape letters, the immediacy we are offered now is certainly unnatural.pointing out that you consider a thing to be ""unnatural"" is not a valid basis for public policy and indeed simply isn't logical.but perhaps more importantly, advancing the ""unnaturalness"" argument reveals the true heart of your objection: that you simply dislike homosexuals.  it has little to do with the subject of marriage per se, and advancing the unnaturalness argument spells that out in blazing, 40' tall letters for all to see."	FAVOR
1203	gayRights	Agreed. I personally think state governments should not be able to grant marriages and should only be able to grant civil unions to everyone. Marriages are too religious. The next best alternative is to allow gay marriage. But I agree that marriage does violate the constitution especially if religious reasons are used to bar certain people from entering marriages.	FAVOR
1204	gayRights	"1.) If a few scholars/linguists agree that ""homosexuals"" is a fair translation of the original text, then you are absolutely right. I don't have enough background in Greek nor in the Bible itself to figure it out. If the translation is accurate [which neither you or I can really know...] then you're absolutely right and this passage does speak against   homosexuality  .2.) What does it matter how I believe the universe was created? I only said that if God created the universe [which He might have] we cannot use our existence as proof of it. I never discredited Creationism. Even if I had, that does not necessarily mean I believe in ""Evolution."" You're quick to assume my beliefs and even quicker to disprove them. Also, the Big Bang and Evolution are two entirely different theories and should be addressed as such.3.) It is not crucial to accept God as an author to understand an argument put forth. That's like saying non-believers are incapable of understanding your ways. An argument should be evaluted for its reasoning, not who said it. There are also more than a few contradictions in the Bible. You'd have a much stronger argument by saying that there aren't many. And I'm sure some groups have 40+ members in complete agreement with each other sometimes. It's not impossible."	FAVOR
1205	gayRights	"""If somebody is violating you""clearly you do not understand the question - the ""is rape good"" might be somewhere else, not here2 consenting adults can do what they wantre: not naturalis oral sex morally wrongre: bible moralsis it ok to burn witchesstone stubborn children to deathmarry women whom you have taken as prisoners of warallow the townspeople to rape your virgin daughter (if you felt bad for Lott's wife read again)should people who work on Saturday be killedslaverysubjugation of womenwe have fought very hard to ""overcome"" the morals of the bible"	FAVOR
1206	gayRights	"Your analogy of homophobia to   racism   is well chosen and fills in some points I left out above.  But still unexplained to me is the depth of the hatred and hostility or resentment that some hold against minority groups.   I've never truly understood the 'out of proportion' emotion which is felt by some racists or homophobes.   In other words, it appears to be something more than simply considering something or someone 'weird'  and letting them be.  The response in some appears to be more one of intense hatred or fear, sometimes resulting in violence against the 'weird'.   But I still think you make a good point in stressing the importance of   environment  .    Not because environments of any size where there are no homosexuals (they are everywhere) but because our environment is a powerful factor in learning racism or homophobia.   You imply that thought and behavior is learned, with which I agree and find hopeful because this means racism and homophobia can also be unlearned, usually by positive interactions with known members of a minority group.   >>A homosexual does not find heterosexuals as weird because the homosexual has grown up in an environment wherein heterosexuality is ""normal"", the opposite is not true.<<As above, this depends on definition of 'normal' (open social acceptability in the current culture in which a person lives or grew up vs. biologically normal variant existing world wide as long as there have been humans)."	FAVOR
1207	gayRights	10. And the man that committeth adultery with another man's wife, even he that committeth adultery with his neighbour's wife, the adulterer and the adulteress shall surely be put to death. 11. And the man that lieth with his father's wife hath uncovered his father's nakedness: both of them shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be upon them. 12. And if a man lie with his daughter in law, both of them shall surely be put to death: they have wrought confusion; their blood shall be upon them. 13. If a man also lie with mankind, as he lieth with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination: they shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be upon them. 14.And if a man take a wife and her mother, it is wickedness: they shall be burnt with fire, both he and they; that there be no wickedness among you. 15. And if a man lie with a beast, he shall surely be put to death: and ye shall slay the beast. 16. And if a woman approach unto any beast, and lie down thereto, thou shalt kill the woman, and the beast: they shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be upon them. 	AGAINST
1208	gayRights	Well thanks for the info...it sure is interesting that you would know that. I've voted you down a hundred times and all for the same reason. How many times do you wish me to repeat it?	FAVOR
1209	gayRights	Frist I never said it wasn't around I said it was a taboo and not acceppted and if a dog licks his ass does that mean it's ok for us to do as well. I was not taught to be hetersexual I have alway like females. As far as my Intelligence goes might watch urself I'll let you know I'm a former Marine and   college   gra.....and you know what a female gave me that nickname jealous why even bring that up show's what kind of person you are resort to nick picking about a screen name.	AGAINST
1210	gayRights	"It means that you can click where it says ""Logon"" and instead of using your user name and password you can use ""DownVote@gmail.com"" for the user name and then use the password ""createdebate"" to down vote me again. It is an anonymous account that was created for people that wanted to down vote someone, tell them why they down voted and still remain anonymous. This information was on another debate. Since you are so intent on down voting me I figured I'd help you out."	FAVOR
1211	gayRights	"Parents need to know that science does not validate the notion that homosexuality is inborn.  This is important as parents may be tasked with advising and managing a child who expresses homosexual tendencies.  The American College of Pediatricians encourages parents to be involved in their child's life and to know that ""Same-sex attraction is determined by a complex interaction between familial and peer influences, unique events, social and biological factors. . . No one is 'born gay.' ""  Paste this link into your browser:    "	AGAINST
1212	gayRights	"I agree with essentially all of that, but I feel that some nitpicking is in order.""The First Constitutional Amendment did not retract religion from the Declaration of Independence.""No, it does not, but as we have been discussing, the DoI does not contain the kindling of any specific religion. The First Amendment does clearly forbid the endorsement of a particular religion by the State. As long as the State is not forming legislation with preference to the Bible, the Qu'ran, the Bhagavad Gita, or any other holy text, everyone can play nice. If the State endorses scripture-dependent legislation, it clearly violates the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment.I think all of our disagreements are pretty much hammered out now, wouldn't you say?"	FAVOR
1213	gayRights	"KJV 1 Corinthians 6:9 Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived: neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind,Homosexuals would fall under fornicators or ""pornos"" since there are no   homosexual   marriages."	AGAINST
1214	gayRights	"I'm an atheist, so the discussion of whether homosexuality is a sin does not even have a point as far as I'm concerned.  However, completely aside from opinion, the ""logic"" used in this argument is totally absurd.  According to the argument, god first created Adam.  Then he went through all the animals on earth, and none of them were a good mate.  So god created Eve, therefore homosexuality is wrong. QED.  There's only one problem with that.  There were no other men on earth throughout all this.  Therefore god never, ever said ""oh, well, you don't fit with this other dude, either.""  There was only one man on the planet, gay was not even an option for god to dismiss. If you want to believe in god, fine with me.  If you want to use religion to hate others, that's not fine with me, but I respect your right to think whatever you please.  But if you're going to have opinions and make arguments, please think about whether they make sense now that you're not 17.  Hopefully this does not sound rude, but it upsets me when people just parrot things they're taught without thinking critically, and religion is a big source of that.  It hurts society, like ""just following orders."""	FAVOR
1215	gayRights	That's waaaay outside the scope of the debate. I have no clue. It's a tough moral decision, and one that I don't have to make for a reason. I couldn't; and I'm not qualified to do so even if I could.	FAVOR
1216	gayRights	your proof was there are gay animals.so my response would be how many of them that have mated pairs, are gay mated pairs? If there are would this help or deter their survival?if you could answer this then you would have an analogy that would both answer the topic and your other opponent.chillax	AGAINST
1217	gayRights	Yes, of course. They choose to go against any ridiculous moral attitude by risking their lives (or only their friends, or their   jobs  ). For hundreds, if not thousands of years, they were discriminated against in many societies, they were punished, tortured, burned, killed just for loving somebody of the same sex. And why did they love someone of the same sex? Because they love the risk. They are real risk hunters, and they dream about to die, or at least to be beaten up or punished. Admit it, come on: YOU ALSO LOVE THE RISK - GO GAY AND TRY HOW MUCH FUN IT IS!!!!	FAVOR
1218	gayRights	You make an error when you state that sins is not abiding by the law... it clearly states that a man shall not lie with a man as with a woman. God clearly states that with simple language, yet you ignored that part of the law. If God says something, it is what He says it is because He says it is. We need go no further on the topic.	AGAINST
1219	gayRights	It may be said to be a sin in the bible but if there is anything I have to disagree with that is in the bible it is that homosexuality is wrong. Has it not been proven that gay people are gay from the get go? Should you have to confess and beg for forgiveness to get into heaven just because you like the same sex?	FAVOR
1220	gayRights	"1. I have nothing against gays being in some sort of legal binding (for the lack of better word I can't think of right now), but do not call it a marriage. Even 50 years from today, it will not be accepted in general although some will accept for the purpose of political correctness.2. Although many of you might say that it would never happen, this will lead for other movements whose marital ideas would disgust most of us: people marring animals, minors, bugs, extra-terrestrials.........don't be surprised at all if such a movement is strongly established in less than a decade. It is a simple ""if he/she can, why can't I?"", it is my Constitutional right. Don't forget, people always like to see how far they can take it plus it is a way to differentiate yourself from the general public. It is only in human nature to do so. There has to be some limit."	AGAINST
1221	gayRights	Equal rights and gays didn't undermined   marriage   no-falt divorce did. 	FAVOR
1222	gayRights	in case you havent noticed....&gt;there are gay women too, i think they are called lesbians.coughcoughso, yeah, 1) marriage does NOT protect women. it gives men more control over them2) women can marry other women too if gay marriage is allowed so there wont be a shortage of men or what ever you are thinking will keep the women from getting married.3) people did say interracial marriage would hurt ppl, thats why black ppl werent even allowed to look at white women with out getting hung. you know, why back when black ppl were getting their rights?well, same thing, different ppl. wich means 4) interracial marriage is very relevant. 5) if you are worried men hurt women, then why not let men marry men and women marry women? then the men will leave the women alone. DUH	FAVOR
1223	gayRights	"In this day and age, many gay couples choose to have children.  Using the rationale of the above argument, they should be able to marry.      The reality is that the ""Yes on 8"" crowd aren't concerned with the wellbeing of children, they are just anti-gay.   If they really were concerned with children they would be working to make divorce much harder.  Personally I think it would be good if divorced couples had to pay higher taxes for 10 years following a divorce.  It would also be good to have a law that says that if a baby is born out of wedlock, the father and mother automatically become married upon the birth of the baby.   If the issue really is having children raised by two parent families, they should be advocating those approaches, not trying to make some families feel they are second class.   It "	FAVOR
1224	gayRights	"""(1) Homosexuality has always existed, but in the thousands of years of history of civilization, every   society   has defined marriage to one man and one women, Why do we wish to change this definition in 2009?""Actually marriage was not always between one man and one woman.  It was also a vehicle for dynastic succession, property transference, and political alliance.""(2) Why wasn't same sex marriage an issue 200 years ago? 100 years ago? 50 years ago? 20 years ago? What has change?""In Christian and Muslim world there were (and still are, in some places) laws that would have lead to the arrest of someone who was known to be a homosexual.  Thus there would have been no way to even ask this question until after those laws were rolled back.  There is also the matter of public opinion, which has changed now that homosexuals can act in the open and reasonable people can clearly see that said homosexuals are no threat.""(3) As a civil right, should same sex marriage be a protective class/status? be given the same status as other catagories of civil rights? such as civil rights for minorities (African Americans)?, the aged (senior citizens)?, the Handicapp? Sex/Gender?, discrimiantion based on sex/gender?""Yes, homosexuals should be extended the same rights and protections granted to other minorities.""(4) And we need to ask the most important of questions; Does a young child/toddler NEED a Mother AND a Father in their life?""Having a mother and a father may be the ideal situation... but it is not always the most practical one.  Isn't it better for a child to have a loving family, even if that family is not the 'norm', then to have no family at all?"	FAVOR
1225	gayRights	Well thanks for the advice straight boy but quite frankly, you don't know your ass from your elbow when it comes to gay rights, what we want or what we deserve as human beings. It's not the word they object to...it's the entire concept. Your analogy of the homeless guy needing a bed to sleep in is about as demented as you are. Joe, I don't give a twaddle if you agree with me on any issue but the one thing you're wrong about is that I ever expected you to share my views nor do I expect that from anyone here or in my life. That's not friendship, that's being a puppet at someone else's whim. Being a friend Joe means that one must choose words carefully when you know that the other person is offended or hurt by the subject matter. You don't make a joke about it, at the very least! Think about what I said on the debate when that person was looking for your retirement from this site. I said what I did because it was wrong and you were my ally even though I was still bruised from the last brouhaha regarding Repubgal. You were so busy trying to think of unfunny things to say you couldn't think for one moment that I may have needed some words of encouragement from you on that board! And another thing....you seem to think you have to accept MY decision to relegate you to the cheap seats and name you an enemy. I don't need your permission to do that and I don't care if you like it or not. And if you're going to quote the Serenity Prayer, why don't you try and get it right. Perhaps the real prayer will mean more than Joe's version of it. It goes like this Boffo:God grant me the Serenity to accept the things I cannot change, Courage to change the things I can and Wisdom to know the difference.I don't need to feel better but perhaps you do. I can only hope that someday you can comprehend its meaning.	FAVOR
1226	gayRights	Marriage by its very definition cannot be performed on same sex partners.Webster: the state of being united to a person of the opposite sex as husband or wife in a consensual and contractual relationship recognized by lawCalling it marriage is changing the very definition of the word. That is like calling someone a homosexual and deciding that the definition means they like the opposite sex.Now, if you want to call it something different. That is fine. I have no issues with two males or two females being joined to receive the tax and family benefits of married couples. As long as they also have to go through the long, drawn out process of divorce when they decide they don't want to be together anymore.	AGAINST
1227	gayRights	"Wow so much ignorance and hypocrisy to address. ""I personally believe that a nation of authentic believers in Christ running the country would be just and free of crime, pain, suffering, etcetera""Please observe the middle ages. That is probably an ideal time for Christians. Gays were killed. No science. Blasphemers were killed. Almost everyone was Christian. But I would hardly call it a time free of crime, pain, and suffering.No one cares what you say your friends said that he thinks. There are so many possible errors in that statement it is mind boggling.A) Your friend doesn't know why he is gay and is trying to come up with a reasonB) Your friend lied to youC) You lied to us.Being homosexual is not a choice. Regardless of the fact that it has been proven not to be as you are clearly ignoring that, why would anyone choose a lifestyle in which they experience intolerance just to sin and piss of god? You guys really need to learn logic.Marriage by the government is not a holy union. In a church it is. And that is what you guys fail to realize. No one is arguing that marriages in churches should be between same-sex couples, you guys can do whatever your magic book tells you. However, according to the establishment clause of the United States Constitution, we cannot base our government off of religion. If we base marriage off of religion, how do we choose which one, maybe my religion says nobody can get married? Even if everyone in the country in Christian, which thankfully they aren't, we still cannot use the bible as justification for public policy, it is not legal.You can mince words all you want, but Christianity is a religion and atheism is not.And proposition 8 was passed by a campaign of fear mongering and large influence by the Church of Jesus Christ and Latter Day Saints. That's totally irrelevant, however, because it doesn't matter how many people vote for something if it is unconstitutional. You don't seem to be very knowledgeable about the constitution so let me help you. Our system is not set up by majority rules. It is set up by majority rules with minority rights. The minority rights is not an afterthought it is at least as important. The framers of the constitution specifically set up the government to avoid the kind of religious and tyrannical persecution they experienced in England."	FAVOR
1228	gayRights	"""Gay adoption is not morally wrong"". The Daily Free Press. April 5th, 2004"	FAVOR
1229	gayRights	Can a person have the right to choose if they can marry or not? I mean, does a total stranger have the right to change someone's life completely by opposing their marriage? If you said yes, why? Is it that you want to feel that you have more power than they do? Is it that you want to feel like you're above them? If so, imagine that someone opposes your marriage. Can u accept this? I'll say no. No one has the right to choose if they can marry or not unless they have a real head-nodding reason.	FAVOR
1230	gayRights	"Hasn't it become obvious to you as yet that one ""silly"" word is NOT silly at all to gay people? We wish it to mean exactly what the word 'Marriage' connotes and carries with it. It's a real simple thing but straight people think they are more than we are and that's why they want a copyright on the word."	FAVOR
1231	gayRights	You make a point against gay marriage by claiming that it would inevitably lead to man-dog marriage or daughter-mother (gay AND incest) which is wrong. There is no logic behind this reasoning. The question is whether gay marriage should be allowed for the gays to benefit from exactly the reasons you claim you have no problem with(insurance and inheritance). The question is if a gay marriage hurts anyone in any way. Which you haven't addressed in the slightest.	FAVOR
1232	gayRights	yup,gays should have the right to marry becoz they are attracted to each other...and if they are in true love then they should proceed..and it will also help to decrease the population...........................................	FAVOR
1233	gayRights	I don't see any person hurting just because of gay marriage, unless somebody is in love in one of them. I think that we should give them this complete right to be married and settled life as they wan it. Most of them has really proven their worth and I think that we should give them their much needed freedom to be happy.	FAVOR
1234	gayRights	I understand that you believe   gay marriage   is wrong, but I don't understand how you believe it should not be legal. Why is the state compelled to follow your ideas on gay marriage as opposed to some other   religion  's?	FAVOR
1235	gayRights	Jesus is the way the truth and the life. He is also Light of the world.Therefore, there is no such thing as a gay Christian that's an oxymoron.Your right in that there is no such thing as a gay christian, there is only a christian.  Jesus loves us for who we are, if we love him.  It hurts Him if we swear, if we curse, if we sex out of marriage, if we   murder  , if we..... I could go on.  The thing is, He will always love us and forgive us.  He will also lead us to walk a closer walk with Him.  If a gay turns to Christ, Christ will lead him on his path.  As fellow christians, it's not are job to condemn but to build up and love as Christ loves us.  If a prostitute with a habit handed their lives to Christ, I wouldn't expect them to stop earning a living in the only way they know how, even if it is sinning.  They would need our support and understanding to help them move into a new and productive career over a period of time.  They would also need to be taught (with love) the message of the   bible   and help to understand how to accept His unconditional forgiveness. Why do you seem to have difficulty with showing His love to fellow christians on their path?	AGAINST
1236	gayRights	"How is this any different from the ""learned"" lie detection used in police   interrogation  ?"	AGAINST
1237	gayRights	I don't know. Certainly not in California, anymore. But....	FAVOR
1238	gayRights	All the Scriptures below remind us that we have a sinful nature, and because of this sinful nature we have inclinations of different kinds. (This is why Dr. Dobson mentioned that in some cases people do not choose to feel same sex attraction) To have an inclination does not mean that we cannot use our God given free will/choice to choose what is right; our ability to reason is not in vain, it is because God, our Creator, did not want us to be like robots; He tells us through the Scriptures what is pure, noble and right, but it is up to us what we choose, or how we want to interpret His word to fit our sinful natures and try to silence our consciences. No matter how many want to justify sin, in the end, sin is sin, and each one will receive what is due according to his/her deeds.  *Those who live according to the sinful nature have their minds set on what that nature desires; but those who live in accordance with the Spirit have their minds set on what the Spirit desires. Romans 8:5*Those controlled by the sinful nature cannot please God. Romans 8:8*Therefore, brothers, we have an obligationÃ‘but it is not to the sinful nature, to live according to it.  Romans 8:12*For if you live according to the sinful nature, you will die; but if by the Spirit you put to death the misdeeds of the body, you will live, because those who are led by the Spirit of God are sons of God. Romans 8:13*Therefore, God gave them over in the sinful desires of their hearts to sexual impurity for the degrading of their bodies with one another.  They exchanged the truth of God for a lie, and worshiped and served things rather than the CreatorÃ‘who is forever praised. Amen.  Because of this, God gave them over to shameful lust. EVEN THEIR WOMEN EXCHANGED NATURAL RELATIONS FOR UNNATURAL ONES. IN THE SAME WAY MEN ALSO ABANDONED NATURAL RELATIONS WITH WOMEN AND WERE INFLAMED WITH LUST FOR ONE ANOTHER. MEN COMMITTED   INDECENT ACTS WITH OTHER MEN, AND RECEIVED IN THEMSELVES THE DUE PENALTY FOR THEIR PERVERSION.  ROMANS 1:24-27 *Ã’If you hold to my teaching, you are really my disciples. Then you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.Ã“ John 8:31-32 *But God demonstrates his own love for us in this: while we were still sinners, Christ died for us. Romans 5:8  Reina 	AGAINST
1239	gayRights	"I'll tell you what, the best thing that my parents ever did for me was get divorced, yes it was rough on my single mom and hard for me to comprehend, but they would have eventually killed each (literally) had they stayed together. Something that cracks me up is a comment about   kids   with divorced parents never wishing that their parents had same sex partners...watching my dad be emotionally abusive to all his girlfriends and my mom be emotionally abused by all her boyfriends, in hindsight I bet had my parents had same sex relationships things would have gone a lot smoother. I think that might even be true of them today, watching them in their current relationships. I don't care where   babies   come from; what's most important is that they are loved when they get here. Whether you're gay, straight, bi-curious or a unicorn, if you are comfortable with who you are and you can pass that on to your kid, the lesson is not ""be like me"" the lesson is ""be yourself"". If two people who love each other are willing to invest positive time and   energy   into their   children  , it doesn't matter whether one is a man and the other a woman, a child just needs to be loved, respected and allowed to have a chance at a happy childhood. There are so many reasons why this argument is ridiculous...I could go on and on but I don't want to hog all the space.My Questions for You: *Do gay people really wish gay-dom on their children, knowing the adversity they may face in their future?*Isn't being molested as a young person more likely to effect your sexuality (in any regard) in your future more so than having two loving parents who happen to be of the same sex?* Do you think that adopted children are thinking ""my parents are pushing their gay agenda down my throat and that is too heavy a burden for [me] to carry and it is in my opinion criminal"" (according to Hope7) or do you think they are thinking ""hey i have two parents who love me, awesome"".....?*Does the phrase ""it takes a village to raise a child"" actually mean a bunch of same sex couples or does it really just mean a positive support system, made up of people who have the child's best interest in mind?"	FAVOR
1240	gayRights	I'm not the person who wrote the OP.  I'm responding to elements within your post, not answering your questions addressed to the OP.  I know the format on this board can be confusing at times, but check the poster's name, just beneath their post.	FAVOR
1241	gayRights	me i have a gay aunt and it doesn't hurt me because its a lifestyle choices so who ever thinks that it hurts anyone then something is wrong with you because there's nothing wrong its that that ginger likes the same ginger son thats what i got to say and remember IT DO NOT HURT ANYONE SO GET OVER IT	FAVOR
1242	gayRights	"I never said they weren't discriminated against in history, that is certain and the way gays have been treated is sick. I said right now, the hatred is coming from the gay community. If you don't believe it, than just read these forums. Who is stupid? whoever disagrees with you. Who is the ""fanatical religious right?"" whoever disagrees with you. We must give you the right to do whatever you want no matter what the majority thinks. If we disagree we are driven from our jobs (the artistic director of Sacramento theater) we are attacked economically (there's a list now of everyone who donated to prop 8 and a demand to boycott their businesses) we are told that we had no right to vote that way. The Mormon church has had their buildings desecrated, their books burned, their members attacked and there is a demand to have their tax exempt status removed. Doctors are sued for refusing invitro fertilization. eharmony is sued for not providing gay matchmaking.Yes, the gay community is attacking anyone who disagrees with them and it's sick.If prop 8 had passed we would have gone with it, but we are ruthlessly attacked for disagreeing with you, and now the homosexual community is trying to destroy democracy and steal from me my right to vote because they don't think I have a right to decide where my tax money goes.ya, somewhere in the US is an asshole who loudly attacks gays, but even my best friends who are gay are full of hate for everyone who disagrees with them, and that makes me very sad."	AGAINST
1243	gayRights	"I truly don't understand why the concept of ""sin"" is raised at all. Clearly homosexuals are identical to heterosexuals in everything except sexual preference. Condemning someone for that seems entirely unchristian to me. The bible itself has been re-written, translated, intentionally altered dozens of times over the 1800 or so years. There were originally many more books, but only four were chosen, for most likely political reasons.There are passages in the bible that claim it is okay to allow fathers to KILL their children for disobeying. Citing chapters in the bible to prove a point is ignorant, pointless, stupid, and socially damaging, when many passages contain truly disgusting acts made by christians."	FAVOR
1244	gayRights	Levicticus 18:22 Thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind; it is abomination.	AGAINST
1245	gayRights	"On the question of   religion   the Nazi's had the full backing of the   church   when they started rounding up ""undesirables"" like Jews and homosexuals so they're claim of wanting to ""protect""   marriage   is a sham. And they're claim that it will harm   children   is kind of hard to swallow when they protect pedophile priests. It about what it is always about, hating and attacking those who are different in any way. What happened to ""Love Thy Neighbor as Thyself"" isn't there in you holy book?   "	FAVOR
1246	gayRights	"Paul R. Ehrlich, Bing Professor of Population Studies at Stanford and evolutionists, president of the Center for Conservation Biology and a past president of the AIBS, said the Human Genome Project had ``put the final nail in the coffin of genetic determinism.He goes on to say ""Evolutionary psychology`` - the discipline that attempts to explain much of human behavior as a creation of natural selection that operated during our hunter-gatherer past - ``is dead but doesn`t seem to know it yet,`` told the annual meeting of the American Institute of Biological Sciences (AIBS) in Arlington, Va. ""For instance, there is no reason to believe that human beings are either innately violent or innately peaceful, instinctively disposed to wreck their environments or to be conservationists, or born genetically gay or genetically straight.""I'm sure there's going to be those people who don't let the facts get in the way of their opinion."	AGAINST
1247	gayRights	"My argument is clear.  You're arguing the messenger.  My point has been made.   On the contrary, my knowledge suffices.Yeah ""influences in   pregnancy  "" include birth defects and deformities"".  Mutating your biologically intrinsic drive to reproduce your own genes is NOT a ""pregnancy influence""!!!!!!!!!  That's like saying ""when a care is made in a factory, occasionally when it comes out on the conveyor belt, sometimes some ""influence"" happens that causes it to only go in reverse"".As homo sapiens, we're designed to reproduce.  Tendencies to not do that (  homosexuality  ) are not just counter-productive, but they're anatomically-biologically-productive (i.e. nonexistent) .  Behavior traits are NOT so much determined by genes.  It's anatomical traits such as pigment that are gene-based. Your ""comeback"" if you can even call your pathetic whimper a ""rebuttal"" (which for the sake of wanting to do the world ""rebuttal"" justice, let's not say your comments were even an attempt at that) merely says that I lack knowledge and that my analysis fails.Whoopteedoo!!!  Aren't you good at finger-pointing and saying your wrong.I think you're first sentence would be most useful to you, now meekly squandering in your sense of loss. For the sake of edifying your naivety: ""You analysis fails"" (why? how? counter-evidence?) and ""You're low on knowledge"" (where? elaborate? educate with more knowlegde?) is a peurile ""rebuttal"".I don't even know why I took the time to this pathetic response!!  If you're going to be active about an issue, might as well have a well-structured set of arguments and facts laid out as I took the liberty to do, instead of cowering in the corner with your trivial 4 sentence ""response"".Cheerio then."	AGAINST
1248	gayRights	"Your argument is too broad to actually support your position.  This fact, however, is not a refutation of your argument, I am merely pointing out that it is difficult to respond to the sum total of your argument.  Generally speaking, the various tests have overlooked a very subtle yet important philosophical principle, coincidence does not entail causality.  Brain studies, I've yet to read anything conclusive, most rely on ambiguous evidence and partial explanations. Hormonal studies, these attempt to define a causal link yet end up concluding only coincidence!Genetics, you covered this well, I disagree with both sides about using genetics to try to win this argument.  Until we have achieved a complete understanding of the totality of this field, you cannot use the lack of a thing to prove its antithesis and you cannot say that: ""a gay-gene will eventually be found"" (yes I have actually heard this argument before).  If you sweep aside ambiguous studies, you are left with a dearth of information, thus, ""studies"" cannot support either side.  "	AGAINST
1249	gayRights	Being 62 years old, I lived most of my life in New Orleans. If people were born gay, we would have seen our world filled with gay people 50 years ago. We did not see this the 50's-60's-70-or 80's. Homosexuality was UNHEARD OF. We starting seeing this new fad on our public television shows. The Oprah Show promoted the   homosexuality   show's so much that I got sick of watching and hearing this. Her show was the FIRST to PROMOTE the FIRST PREGNATE MAN. Of course the man WAS a woman. Television shows influnce weak minds. Marriages started breaking up. Fifty years ago DIVORCE was not heard of. I knew no one who was divorced---then the television talk shows started talking about it is better to break up than stay together. Now the divorce rate has gone sky high. Compare the rate from the 1950's till now.Fifty years ago an unmarried teenage pregnate girl was unheard of. None of my friends had a baby out of wedlock. No one in my school was pregnate either. Today the schools are filled with young girls flaunting their   pregnancy  . Now they proudly walk the streets unmarried and unashamed. Why don't we go back and make a study on how our television programs--programs MINDS. These sexual programs give birth to homosexuality--divorce--etc. Study THIS for a while and you will see the change being caused by our television programs. People aren't born gay--this is a MIND thing. Sexual things on public television is the cause of homosexuality rapidly growing in our country. Go ahead--compare the numbers. Research the history of homosexuality population. Research how many homosexual people did our country have in the 50's-60's-70's till now. Then look to see when homosexuality started being broadcasted on television or over the air waves. I guarentee you that THIS started the BIRTHING PROCESS of homosexuality in our country. IT WASN'T AN EGG OR A SPERM THAT CONNECTED TOGETHER TO FORM A BABY that turns out to be a homosexual-- Homosexuals don't have babies to replenish the earth--cause they don't have sex with the opposite sex so the only way they can replenish the earth is by PROGRAMMING ANOTHER PERSON'S MIND--This is what our television programs are doing--They are programming Minds to make a NEW WORLD. Oprah did say the day that she had on the pregnant MAN that they were going to FORM a NEW WORLD. I'll NEVER forget those words. They can only make a NEW WORLD by  programming our young childrens MINDS threw their highly watched television shows. I say take all sexual programs off of our public television stations--bring back good wholesome family shows and slowly watch the homosexual rate or population drop. It's all about programming minds.  	AGAINST
1250	gayRights	OK, so apparently I need to clarify every single statement and point out that when I said gays are not like serial killers AT ALL, and this was merely hyperbole to show a fallacious argument, I forgot to mention pedophilia. Homosexuality and pedophilia are obviously not related AT ALL. i thought this was pretty obvious from the way I wrote it, but apparently some people need it spelled out. I should have been more clear however.	AGAINST
1251	gayRights	"Sexual orientation and language are not alike in any way.  They arise from different parts of the brain and in very different ways, both in the individual and in the species.Instinctive sexual behavior has been part of the genetic make-up of the species (and its predecessor species) for millions of years longer than organized complex language (such as English and Swahili).  While most species have innate, instinctive capacities for some form of rudimentary or even relatively complex communication, the aspects of that communication which are instinctive and heritable are generally non-verbal, and are similar across all closely-related members of the species, even those which live in different geographic regions and have no contact with one another.  Humans have similar non-verbal, instinctive behaviors (sexual behaviors, among them).  But, while the capacity for spoken language is heritable (both the mechanical capacity and the mental capacity), the language, itself, is not inherited.Sexual behavior, though, is far more instinctive.  It is the basis of the species' survival (explaining why the majority of individuals in a species will always be primarily heterosexually oriented).  Heterosexual individuals do not LEARN to be heterosexual.  If heterosexual behavior had to be learned, then many, many species would have long since died out from lack of copulation and reproduction, because infants in the majority of species leave their mothers' care at the point when the   mother   is ready to mate again and bear more offspring.  They never have an opportunity to ""learn"" to be heterosexual.  In the same way, our sexual desires and behaviors are not, at their most basic level, learned.  They are instinctive.For a variety of reasons, most probably genetic, some possibly due to intrauterine hormonal fluctuations and exposures, a certain percentage of the human population (like that of most animal species) develops instinctive sexual traits which cause them to be sexually attracted to members of their own gender.This is nothing like language, or learning a new language.  Can someone who is innately heterosexual learn to engage in a homosexual sex act?  Of course they can.  Will this ever be ""natural"" for them?  Will this make them become innately sexually attracted to members of their own gender?  Of course not.  The only people who can readily imagine being attracted to members of either gender are bisexuals.  People who fall at either end of the spectrum of sexual orientation cannot choose to fall in love with the gender to which they are not innately attracted.  Can they learn to have sex with them?  Probably.  But I would hope we can all agree that having loveless, unfulfilling sex with no primary attachment of true attraction, love and devotion is not a good outcome and should not be anyone's goal. You can't learn to fall in love with a gender to which you are not attracted."	FAVOR
1252	gayRights	"If you believe in God, and what the Bible says, then you have to recognize that God clearly states that   homosexuality   is a sin. He says in Leviticus 18:22: ""You shall not lie with a male as one lies with a female; it is an abomination."" And in Leviticus 20:13: ""If there is a man who lies with a male as those who lie with a woman, both of them have committed a detestable act[.]"" And the Apostle Paul wrote in Corinthians 6:9-10: ""Do you not know that the wicked will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived: Neither the sexually immoral nor idolaters nor adulterers nor male prostitutes nor homosexual offenders nor thieves nor the greedy nor drunkards nor slanderers nor swindlers will inherit the kingdom of God.""Though Jesus does not directly address the issue of homosexuality in the New Testament, He does speak about sexual immorality in Mark chapter 7 when He says, ""What comes out of you is what defiles you. For from within, out of your hearts, come evil thoughts, sexual immorality, theft,   murder  , adultery, greed, malice, deceit, lewdness, envy, slander, arrogance and folly. All these evils come from inside and defile you.""it is clearly spelled out that in the eyes of God, it is a sin. It's in both the New and Old Testaments. I don't see how you can be a Baptist minister and deny this? "	AGAINST
1253	gayRights	"""Don't ask don't tell"" requires clear proof for discharges. ""Don't ask don't tell"" requires that leaders do not pursue gay individuals unless there is clear evidence/proof that they have engaged in homosexual behavior or a self-admission of engaging in such behavior. Military leaders are charged with not pursuing and prosecuting gay individuals. Evidence must present itself by its own accord. This is a high bar of evidence and proof, consistent with principles of justice and due process."	AGAINST
1254	gayRights	"The exception to being joined in a union that is blessed by God (as referred to in Mark 10:5-9 or Matthew 19:4-6) is not an exception about the type of union but about remaining single. There are three classes of people who it is better for them not to marry (enter a union blessed by God). It simply means being single. There is no inclusion for those who are not inclined as you define - toward heterosexual marriage. ""11Jesus replied, ""Not everyone can accept this word, but only those to whom it has been given. 12For some are eunuchs because they were born that way; others were made that way by men; and others have renounced marriage[c]because of the kingdom of heaven. The one who can accept this should accept it."" Your point(7) about Jude 7 has been answered in another post by another post-er, strange flesh is a statement about relationships with angelic beings. So I won't elaborate about it.Your arguments seem well thought out and I appreciate the depth to which you've gone to illustrate them. However, you've missed using Scripture as a whole, in it's appropriate context.God is very clear about marriage, and I've made the due change in my life. I've listened to a lot of what society as a whole today deems as truth, but it doesn't mean that society is correct. However, God is a good God, he has given anyone the opportunity to decide for himself/herself.If I can choose no longer to be a homosexual, ask God for forgiveness of sin and am now entered in a marriage relationship - anyone can with God's guidance.I've only tackled some of your arguments, since I've noted that other post-ers have rebutted your other arguments.God bless."	AGAINST
1255	gayRights	"""Minds are like parachutes, they only function when open.""If I blindly agreed with you would you be calling me closed minded? People only seem to use the 'closed mind' argument against people they disagree with. That in it's self is pretty closed minded if you ask me. ""It being a 'sin' is irrelevant.""It may be to you, but it is not to me. Do you see how pointless this is? ""You are a product of brainwashing.""I can assume the same about you. You are young and for gay marriage/adoption. So I can assume that you have been brainwashed by the mainstream media. Just like you assumed me a Christian, of being brainwashed, ...because I'm Christian. Don't call somebody closed minded and then make assumptions about their beliefs. ""And again, the bible is not meant to be applied to law. So YES, gays should adopt.Well, yeah I believe in the separation of church and state but this is a democracy. I will vote based on what I want, and you can do nothing about it. ""And what is a family to you?The Family: A Proclamation to the WorldThat is what I believe. and by the way: ""I hope you don't have that picturesque little household with a white picket fence, with a mom and dad, and a Golden Retriever who brings in the paper, et cetera... because that would be weird.""Whats wrong with that!? The media must tell you that image is bad. ""Or for thinking that gay people can't raise children.""Hey, if it makes you feel any better. I think most gay people would make better parents than a lot of straight parents. Many people should not be able to adopt kids. I'm not singling anyone out."	AGAINST
1256	gayRights	I find it interesting, but not at all surprising, that the biased and anti-gay rights group thinks it knows more about children than the obvious expert in this argument.Worse, there wasn't even an attempt at making an argument, but that's even less surprising: it's simply not possible to logically argue anti-gay opinions like this. It's because they're nothing more than hate and prejudice founded on absolutely nothing.	FAVOR
1257	gayRights	3000+ years of human wisdom extends to every major civilization on Earth.  Western Civilization was mentioned obviously because of its Christian roots for the last 2000 years, but that does not mean marriage between same-sex couples was the norm in any civilization on Earth through history.Suddenly, in the 21st century, we have a generation of people who believe that they are smarter than every one of those generations before.  None of those generations were right, and this new generation is FAR smarter and knows better than   same-sex marriage   is good for   society  .  That arrogance is appalling, as great as we would feel about seeing same-sex couples feel validated.	AGAINST
1258	gayRights	"Are you trying to rebut a particular argument? If so, you should pick one and click the ""oppose"" link there at the bottom of the argument."	FAVOR
1259	gayRights	I don't think it hurts anyone, really. Except for maybe people who are indecisive about their sexual orientation and are losing sleep over it.	FAVOR
1260	gayRights	I am no biologist so my credibility only extends as far as my source's credibility. In this case my source is the video I linked to which is made by a biology student. I have found all of his videos very informative and factually accurate and therefore find no reason to doubt him. If you want to check out his page here it is. of his videos are about evolution and debunking creationist arguments.	FAVOR
1261	gayRights	"While I don't know if people are born to be Gay or it happens from other cause I whole hardily believe that people do not choose to be Gay any more than I chose to be bald. They are who they are and it can't be changed. I totally support Gay Rights and Government recognized Gay ""marriage"" or ""Civil Unions"" or what ever the name as long as it establishes equal rights with Heterosexual Married couples."	FAVOR
1262	gayRights	"You make a critical flaw in this argument.  A great many societies, and individuals, disapprove of   homosexuality   with absolutely no basis in   religion  .  A historical analysis will prove your conclusion quite utterly wrong.  I completely agree, however, that scientific data must stand on its own and have no taint of belief in it (on either side).  The fact of the matter is that a historical analysis will be able to show that societies of nearly every conceivable belief system have existed.  Societies have practiced, promoted or at least tolerated polyandry, cuckoldry, polygamy and many other things we disapprove of for many reasons other than religious; ""we"" meaning a western-European society.  I'm sorry but history does not help your position."	AGAINST
1263	gayRights	Discrimination is discrimination and itÃ•s always wrong.  How would the civil rights movement progressed if we had asked the people of Alabama to decide for themselves if they wanted to integrate or not.  The only difference here is the discrimination is not as closely tied to location.  When will we ever learn, civil rights and social transparency benefits everyone.  Discrimination hurts everyone, not just the discriminated, but also the discriminators and society in general.  Gays disproportionately contribute to society.  The sooner they are allowed to fully express themselves, the sooner we will all be better off.	FAVOR
1264	gayRights	"""Think about what I said on the debate when that person was looking for your retirement from this site. I said what I did because it was wrong and you were my ally even though I was still bruised from the last brouhaha regarding Repubgal. You were so busy trying to think of unfunny things to say you couldn't think for one moment that I may have needed some words of encouragement from you on that board!""OK, look. I'm sorry. I didn't realize that you needed some words of encouragement from me or anyone. You and I are different in that I'm more callous. I didn't need for you to stick up for me and I never understood why you let Repubgal get to you. This fundamental difference is what makes us be at odds with each other.For what it's worth, I hope the gay community gets what they want. It doesn't affect me in any way shape or form. When proposition 8 passed and the facts came out (blacks voted overwhelmingly for it, the proponents spent less money and won, etc.) and after talking to people who had signs on their yard, I realized that this was an up hill battle and suggested by passing the religious right. But you're right. I'm a straight boy, as you so eloquently put it, and I guess I will never understand you or your plight. I thought my heart was in the right place; that I was lending a helping hand. But I guess none is wanted nor needed so deal with it on your own. I don't care."	AGAINST
1265	gayRights	"Do you think that the word itself is what holds the sanctity? This is like saying that the word ""man"" in the Bill of Rights can't apply to women today. The classic definition of a word can't define how it stands in modern day society, this has been proven time and time again."	FAVOR
1266	gayRights	"To tell the truth, when someone uses the phrase ""to tell the truth"" they're usually not telling the truth.  "	FAVOR
1267	gayRights	"The quality of child-rearing in social groups is not a criteria for adoption. Saletan. ""Adopting Premises. The sneaky debate over legalizing adoptions by gay couples."" Slate.com. Feb. 7, 2002 - ""Suppose, for example, there's more suicide, depression, promiscuity, and domestic violence among blacks than among whites. Would such findings justify a ban on adoptions by blacks? If not, why would they justify a ban on adoptions by gays?"""	FAVOR
1268	gayRights	As a Christian I want to tell you that Jesus couldn't have said it any better!	FAVOR
1269	gayRights	"You're not precise when you say sin is isolated from a rational world. Authors like CS Lewis in ""Mere Christianity"" have argued how there is a moral law that trascends religions. If you're interested you can check out that book. Also your quotes are out of the context (bible has to be analised literally, symbolically and historically). If you analize New Testament the circumstance may continue as a sin, but Jesus payed for those sins."	AGAINST
1270	gayRights	I did not marry for benefits. I married to share my life with my husband and make a family. A good marriage has quite a lot of sacrifice from both the husband and the wife. Pretty much most benefits (like being able to raise your own kids) have been screwed by this economy.	FAVOR
1271	gayRights	"Yes, you have rightly understood the conclusion of my recent argument with which you do not agree. Next, you stated in the second paragraph,Ã“ Now parenthood has many definitions and the ones that go into what I called ""maintenance"" is what I'm directly interested in.Ã“My response:The premise posits that the term parenthood has, Ã•many definitionsÃ•. It also, propositionally, establishes that the argument is based upon multiple definitions of the same term. (This is a non- discreet way of using the fallacy of ambiguity to argue through to an ambiguous conclusion.) The introduction of ambiguity into a debate is nothing more than an attempt to redefine the key term/s of the debate to prove a predetermined a conclusion. And moreover, the explicit claim that more than one definition will be used for the same term invalidates the entirety of the argument. However, disregarding what your intent may or may not be, I will continue with my rebuttal of the remainder of your argument wherein we disagree.You stated:When adoption is going to take place the progenitor/parent/s of origin are giving up their responsibility of raising and nurturing said child. In that aspect, they give up their rights to parenthood. My response:If what you claim is true then letÃ•s test the principle of that proposition by application of the principle. The principle: When a man or woman no longer wants to be responsible for that which is theirs, they no longer have rights to that which is theirs. (Lucidly stated for the debate)A. A husband and wife decide they want to get rid of their house; they no longer have a right to choose whom receives the house.B. A husband and wife decide to offer up their car for free; they no longer have a right to choose whom takes the car.C. A husband and wife decide to give up their animal pets; they no longer have a right to choose whom receives the pets.All three examples contradict the reality of the transfer of ownership. Albeit, a thief is more likely to agree with the examples than the common person. For the thief presumes it is now his/her property for the taking.All parents have the natural law of authority of ownership and must first transfer that authority unto another party before another party can rightfully claim the same authority over the respective property whether it is of children, vehicles, houses, or pets. LetÃ•s move on to the next statement. You claimed: Since this, (to raise or nurture), is the most important aspect to ""parenthood"" then any human possible of possessing a nurturing or raising nature is a possible target to be a parent. My response:Children of the age 2, 3,4,5,6,7,8,9, demonstrate that it is possible for them to possess a nurturing or raising nature; therefore they are possible targets to be parents. Individuals who suffer from diseases of the mind also meet the same criteria. Should they too be allowed to adopt? Pedophiles exactly meet the criteria. Should they be allowed to adopt? The most hardened criminals meet the criteria. Should they be allowed to adopt?The ultimate conclusion, logically deduced from my arguments, is that no man, woman, or institution has authority to determine the recipient of the transfer of authority of that which is not theirs to begin with, including myself. No one in the world has a right to adopt. No institution in the world has a right to adopt. For if we argue that some have a right to adopt then we must reason that they have authority to steal that which belongs to another person.A homosexual has no right to adopt. However, the sister of a homosexual has the authority to transfer authority of her child to her homosexual sibling. No right is necessary. And the friend of the sister has no right to determine the recipient of the authority.Therefore, no gay has a right to adopt. Which is the actual question of the debate."	AGAINST
1272	gayRights	"The Focus on the Family have for years, been highly critical of any progressive or common sense thought!  They are so far to the ""right"" on the political spectrum, that sensible and fair minded people should not give homage to these reactionaries!  They are filled with hatred towards all gay people and those who support and more inclusive   society  !A child adopted by a loving and caring gay 2 parent household, will grownormally, feeling loved and accepted!  The hetorsexual experiece has done a wonderful job in bringing about huge numbers of divorce families,  children   out of wedlock esp in the Black community, and the children of ddivorced parents, feeling neglected and unloved! If 2 gay parents are truly in love and in a committed relationship and have the financial and emotional resources to provide for that child-then whats the problem?  The extreme right expoused by the Focus on the Family, believe fervently in the status quo and are always resistant to any   change   that can make our society better. I look forward to the day when ggays and lesbians will have the same equal rights as others have and take for granted!  "	FAVOR
1273	gayRights	"Here is a quote from a summary of studies done on gay/lesbian parenting:""In summary, there is no evidence to suggest that lesbian women or gay men are unfit to be parents or that psychosocial development among children of lesbian women or gay men is compromised relative to that among offspring of heterosexual parents. Not a single study has found children of lesbian or gay parents to be disadvantaged in any significant respect relative to children of heterosexual parents. Indeed, the evidence to date suggests that home environments provided by lesbian and gay parents are as likely as those provided by heterosexual parents to support and enable children's psychosocial growth.""Link:     Link to the study on the website of the American Psychological Association:    From the second page, above:""Part I is a summary of research findings on lesbian mothers, gay fathers, and their children written by Charlotte J. Patterson, PhD. Part II is an annotated bibliography of the literature cited in the summary. Part III provides some additional resources relevant to lesbian and gay parenting in the forensic context: APA amicus briefs, professional association policies, and contact information for relevant organizations.""I find it ludicrous that the organization in this country which has the most credible membership of both academics and practitioners of psychology is pooh-poohed and discounted by this tiny biased religious group, Focus on the Family, and it's various outgrowths (Family Research Council, Exodus International, etc.) who clearly have a strong religious bias in discrediting gays as ""sinners"" and ""deviants"" in every possible venue, and yet some people insist upon billing Focus on the Family as ""experts"" in the field.  It is ridiculous.Focus on the Family has but one goal -- to convince the world that gays are sinful perverts, sexual deviants, who should not have the same rights as heterosexuals.  They denigrate our families, try to have our children taken away, and would (re)criminalize our private sexual behaviors if they could.And yet they are given the same credence as the APA.  I say again: Ludicrous."	FAVOR
1274	gayRights	"I didn't see any comments suggesting that human genes should be modified.  Are you referring to people who think ""gay"" can be ""fixed"" through genetic manipulation?  I certainly did not suggest that, nor do I think such a thing would be desirable.  Maybe I'm just not following, so perhaps you can elaborate."	FAVOR
1275	gayRights	"Gays ARE entitled to equal protection under the law.Gays ARE entitled to have the same rights as heterosexual married couples.Gays ARE NOT entitled to the word ""marriage!""If gays feel that they need the word in order to be accepted, then they are misguided because you can't legislate acceptance. Even if they get to use the word, they wont necessarily be accepted by those who believe they shouldn't be allowed the same rights as heterosexual married couples. If gays just want the same rights as heterosexual married couples, then they should just call it something else and stop this ""war."""	FAVOR
1276	gayRights	People, people, people. IT DOES NOT MATTER. All these debates about should gays adopt, do redheads have bad tempers, are most girls shallow, these are all the same kind of debates! Gays can adopt, straight people can adopt, bisexual people can adopt, anybody can adopt! It doesn't make a difference. Also, I'm not saying they SHOULD adopt, but that they can, and it doesn't make much of a difference.	FAVOR
1277	gayRights	"Most members of the US military support ban on gays. Americans in the military are inclined to oppose gays serving openly in the military and support ""don't ask don't tell"". A 2006 opinion poll by the independent Military Times newspapers showed that only 30% of those surveyed think openly gay people should serve. 59% are opposed.[15]"	AGAINST
1278	gayRights	We cannot just let go of the Same-Sex issue because it involves too many fundamental freedoms Californians have not enjoyed for 6 months due to the California Supreme Court's decision. I agree with many of the arguments posed by the Agreement Vs. Respect comment below. Respect of opinions should be given to all and I believe the right to maintain individual opinions on this matter is important. However, the Supreme Court's Decision has taken away Californian's legal right to disagree with Same-Sex Marriage and is in fact forcing that opinion upon us. While I have not qualms with giving a license to Same-Sex Couples, the Supreme Court did more then that in their ruling. Please find and read it. They placed Same-Sex and Traditional Marriages as equals that cannot be separated, and that has brought up a slew of civil-right and religious issues, as well as taking away our right to have an opinion on the issue. If you wish to have an opinion on this issue, vote Yes on Proposition 8.	AGAINST
1279	gayRights	"However, those who choose to go with their desires and follow the gay path with all it's goods also have to accept it's bads. Simple question: Did you ever choose to follow the heterosexual path? Furthermore, what are the ""goods"" associated with the gay path, compared to the heterosexual one? From what I can see it's a much harder path to go down. I can't really fathom why someone might CHOOSE to go that way, unless of course they were BORN gay, in which case you're discriminating against a condition people have no control over."	FAVOR
1280	gayRights	It's not favoring religion if two atheists get married	FAVOR
1281	gayRights	"No offense, but your reading of history is a bit mistaken.Communal societies may have existed, but that does not make them communist.  The idea evolved overtime, and only after the concepts of States, corporations, and human rights could an idea like Communism be invented by Karl Marx.Fascism is the same way.  Fascism is necessarily authoritarian, though it is used interchangeably solely for that aspect in popular culture.  Fascism also includes an economic component, one where the government exerts control over privately help businesses through partial ownership.  This is not the simple complete ownership of industry in Communism, but has the result of government direction of industry in many cases.  Again, this could not have evolved without the concepts of State, corporations, human rights, etc, which have only developed in the last few hundred years.Racism is actually not the idea that a ""tribal group or nation"" is superior to others.  Racism is distinctly about race.  Europeans, for example, are usually of the same race but have been thinking that their tribe was superior to other European tribes for centuries.  Only since the human ability to circumnavigate the globe and come into contact with distinct races of people has the concept of   racism   evolved to where it is today.  The idea that one tribe is superior to another BECAUSE of the race could not have evolved when individuals never ran into individuals of separate races on a regular basis.Again, you point out some of the moral progress we have made along with our material progress, but as I have shown, a lot of moral ideas have come along that are NOT progress.  This Marxian idea of ""Progress,"" which so many individuals exhibit an almost religious faith in, is dangerous for humanity.  Thinking that every moral idea must be superior to the last, thinking that we inevitably will end up on Earth in a ""better place,"" is a dangerous way to think.  Not every idea, not every charismatic leader, leads us to a ""better place.""  The consequences of these ideas in the long run cannot always be known, but a simple exercise in thinking beyond emotions and the immediate consequences can usually lead us to more sound understanding."	AGAINST
1282	gayRights	">. But we still come out because the pain of living a lie is in many ways worse than the pain of abandonment.>Why would so many of us make this ""choice"" if we didn't have to?Because it is fun?The sex drive is extremely compelling. A view by some psychologists suggested that the powerful force behind it was the motivation for all productivity. It was also suggested that the benefits of this energy often drove ore productivity when sublimated.I had a gay brother in law (now deceased). When he ""came out"" it had very little effect on my opinions of him or interactions with him. He had been married. We cared for his two children through their high school years. Neither of them is gay.When he passed away the obituary emphasized that it was lung cancer he died from and not aids.Since I respect the overwhelming power of the sex drive and what it can make one do I tend to analyze the idea that all species have gays a bit differently. It is not so much a matter of being born with a""different orientation"" but rather a matter of opportunism. For instance there are males of all species that will screw anything that holds still for them! It is only a small step from this to men being with men because the opportunity exists or is considered a ""better"" or ""easier"" way to get ""satisfaction"", and you don't need to adjust to the differences (foibles) of ""the other sex"".Other than that I do believe one can control their own destiny to a very, very considerable extent- so even with any underlying ""orientation"" toward being gay one could resist it,Hal 84"	AGAINST
1283	gayRights	That is all very nice; thank you for supporting your Deism argument. But Jefferson's exact religious beliefs are not relevant here.The First Constitutional Amendment did not retract religion from the Declaration of Independence. Neither is it separating the United States from religion. That is why it says:Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.	AGAINST
1284	gayRights	And this book:As Nature Made Him : The Boy Who Was Raised as A GirlAuthor: John Colapinto In 1967, after a baby boy suffered a botched   circumcision  , his family agreed to a radical treatment. On the advice of a renowned expert in gender identity and sexual reassignment at Johns Hopkins Hospital, the boy was surgically altered to live as a girl. This landmark case, initially reported to be a complete success, seemed all the more remarkable since the child had been born an identical twin: his uninjured brother, raised as a boy, provided to the experiment the perfect matched control.The so-called twins case would become one of the most famous in modern   medicine   and the social sciences; cited repeatedly over the past thirty years as living proof that our sense of being male or female is not inborn but primarily the result of how we are raised. A touchstone for the feminist movement, the case also set the precedent for sex reassignment as standard treatment for thousands of newborns with similarly injured, or irregular, genitals.But the case was a failure from the outset. From the start the famous twin had, in fact, struggled against his imposed girlhood. Since age fourteen, when finally informed of his medical history, he made the decision to live as a male. John Colapinto tells this extraordinary story for the first time in As Nature Made Him. Writing with uncommon intelligence, insight, and compassion, he also sets the historical and medical context for the case, exposing the thirty-year-long scientific feud between Dr. John Money and his fellow sex researcher, Dr. Milton Diamond--a rivalry over the nature/nurture debate whose very bitterness finally brought the truth to light. A macabre tale of medical arrogance, As Nature Made Him is first and foremost a human drama of one man's-and one family's--amazing survival in the face of terrible odds. The human intimacy of the story is all the greater for the subject's courageous decision to step out from behind the pseudonym that has shrouded his identity for the past thirty years.	AGAINST
1285	gayRights	"Again, I'm not equating African-American   civil rights   to   homosexual   civil rights. I'm just opposing originalist thinking.""And when the government steps in and requires me to become a   vegetarian   like you, will you stand with me in opposition to that intrusion?""I will. Because individuals should have the   right to choose   their lifestyles so long as it doesn't disrupt another person's life, liberty, property, or pursuit of happiness. Until it can logically and empirically be shown that non-  vegetarianism   directly harms another individual, and that that harm is great enough to warrant government intrusion, I would never find it fit for a government to coerce people into becoming   vegetarians  .Similarly, I would never find it fit for a government to coerce people into becoming heterosexual. THIS is the point I'm making."	FAVOR
1286	gayRights	Nope! What's wrong about homosexuality? I think that it is a personal choice.Marriage is about union of two souls, not two genders. As long as the couples love each other, no matter they are a gay or a lesbian, they do have their rights to get married, no one should have stop them. Although homosexuals can't reproduce, they could adopt those homeless children as their child.The reason why some people who think that homosexuality is morally wrong is because it is against their religion but do they ever think about others? Must others gonna be same as them. No one has the rights to force others to do things because in this 21st century, everyone do have their freedom!	FAVOR
1287	gayRights	"1.) 1 Cor. 6:9 "" 9 Or do you not know that the unrighteous will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived; neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor homosexuals,  10 nor thieves, nor the covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor swindlers, will inherit the kingdom of God.""Sorry if I find this straight-forward, but it seems to me that if you don't interpret this as homosexuals will NOT enter the kingdom of Heaven...then, you're wrong.  Plain and simple, not my opinion, nor interpretation, rather it is what it says.2.) So how do you believe the earth (and the universe) was created?  Evolution?  Well if that's the case, look up the second   law   of thermodynamics, it states that everything is moving to disorder, when   evolution   says: bang = life and order. Ummmmm, no, even our own   science   laws disagree with that.  And survival of the fittest?  How come apes are still around if we evolved, wouldn't they be weaker and have died off by now?And matter cannot be created or destroyed according to   the law   of conservation of matter (or mass), so how did all the matter appear on the earth, even the gases that allegedly were there to cause the 'big bang' had to have come from somewhere....right?3.) Yes, people wrote the Bible; however, the author was God. That's a distinction that is crucial to understanding the Bible. And any argument associated with it. Forty people wrote the Bible. How could they be in complete agreement with one another? The writing of the Bible spanned thousands of years. There are no contradictions whatsoever in the Bible. But books written by even one person can contradict themselves. How can it be that forty people, most of which didn't even live near the same time, be in complete agreement? "	AGAINST
1288	gayRights	When Iowa legalized   gay marriage   the argument was over! Article IV, Section 1of the US Constitution, the Full Faith and Credit Clause says public acts (  marriage  , drivers licenses, ect.), of one state must be recognized by another. Gay marriages done in Iowa will have to be recognized in all the other states.	FAVOR
1289	gayRights	"The arguments I see on the side of ""People are born gay"" also support the following groups of people:Serial KillersPedophilesRapistsShould we let them continue their ways too?"	AGAINST
1290	gayRights	"""However, those who choose to go with their desires and follow the gay path""As opposed to doing what? You do understand sexuality is not a choice right?""Marriage is accepted as a bond between Man and WIFE. With it comes legal and moral rights and obligations.""In a well-defined statement why do you no want a bond between two people of the same-sex to have the same legal and moral rights and obligations?"	FAVOR
1291	gayRights	Show me the study because I've never had the chance to see it.	FAVOR
1292	gayRights	" If gays are already adopting, they and their children deserve equal rights"	FAVOR
1293	gayRights	The exploration and   evolution   of the libido is a confusing experience for everyone.  No two people can talk about this subject and actually understand what the other person is talking about.  I'm sorry, but I question the applicability of your evidence.  	AGAINST
1294	gayRights	Hello,This debate should be private. If you'll initiate a new debate that is private, I'll thoroughly represent the principles of my viewpoint within that format.I perceive you are asking a legitimate question concerning my understanding of adoption; I care to only discuss the matter with you. (I'll explain more in the private debate)	AGAINST
1295	gayRights	Think about your sisters and brothers for a moment. Better yet, everyone's. They're probably very alike in at least some ways, physically, in personality, or in the traits they pass on to their kids, because they have the same genetic source: the parents. Now imagine that a gay or lesbian person was in a primitive family many thousand years ago. They wouldn't have their own kids, but that would free the person up to help watch out for their sibling's kids. They'd also be useful on hunting or gathering trips, because they could do just as much work as anyone else, but they wouldn't take as big a share for their family. We can actually see this in the black-backed jackal. Often, an adult pup will come back and help raise the next litter. Does that jackal spread its genes that year? No. Does it help spread its family's? Yep. Did black-backed jackals who did have the gene outspread those who didn't, making this a common trait among all jackals? Yep. The first jackals with that mutation found evolutionary success. You don't have to win the evolutionary game by propagating your own genes. You can succeed just as well by making sure your family genes survive. 	FAVOR
1296	gayRights	"Jake, you are very fond of using the expression, ""How many times do I have to tell you!"" First off that's a very cheeky statement. It a bit presumptuous of anyone to utter those words on subject matter they know so little about. Let me turn the tables though, for just one moment, when I say to you...HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO TELL YOU THAT BEING GAY IS NOT A CHOICE!I have known ""families"" with two moms and two dads. They were very loving families and the children felt that love very deeply...even when the questions came, as they always do. Most of the kids I kept track of wouldn't have traded their upbringing for one second because it taught them things about prejudice, acceptance, being different and being OK with that. They say they would not have had that same opportunity has they been raised by straight parents. All of them are fine and none of them are gay, no matter which gender they grew up with."	FAVOR
1297	gayRights	obedience is based upon separation. The ruler and the ruled. There can be no communion with, and therefore no true understanding of '  god  ' under this archaic principle. Obedience is fear based. 'disobedience' is love based. Not KNOWING what you are obeying/disobeying is stupidity ;-)=?	FAVOR
1298	gayRights	AMEN!!!!!!! HEY ALL YOU GAY LOVERS ,THIS GUY AND I KNOW WHAT WERE TALKING ABOUT!!!	AGAINST
1299	gayRights	Marriaige is completely a religious thing. And religion does not allow homosexuality. Fine you can have sex with anything and anyone you want but when you shun and defy religion and religious people who support and you go against all that religion says, then you try to come back and try to do things completely not allowed and change religion, that is just hypocricy. You want people to listen or so called be opened minded and listen to what you desire, then you should listen to what they desire and thats GO STRAIGHT.	AGAINST
1300	gayRights	oh we're sorry... 99.95%. There, does that make it better?	FAVOR
1301	gayRights	I feel sorry that this is how you see relationships... This is not an insult but just an observation, there are people who are pathetic and see relationships this way; not all relationships are based on pain... since you are speaking from your experience, I feel sorry for you.  	AGAINST
1302	gayRights	Nobody is born gay, although they might become gay because one of their parents is gay and they look up to them.	AGAINST
1303	gayRights	"Simply put, a conclusion that is as extreme as yours, ""everyone is latently homosexual"", is in its nature tenuous.  Beyond that, you are citing suspect or just plainly false evidence to support that conclusion.  Finally, you wrap up with a circular argument. Please try again.  "	AGAINST
1304	gayRights	Really? When? Why did it not work out? I mean, I'm thinking I've heard this argument before used as a mantra and no one has explained it any further. ;)	AGAINST
1305	gayRights	"This animal kingdom reference is shallow and jumping the gun.  Lets look at other primates and dogs as examples.....we have all seen the male and male copulation simulation on TV and the local dog park.  We cannot conclude these acts as   homosexuality   as we humans understand it.  It is understood as either an act of dominance or part of a calming/making up activity.  These actions are not exclusive from heterosexual activities if given the chance to mate.  Please be more specific about your case studies (natural history). Another point.  What is natural?  Yes, it is natural for an outside male lion to challenge the male lion of the pride.  After the new lion wins...he kills all the young of the previous leader of the pride.  Many do misunderstand this as you did with the animal kingdom homosexuality issue and call it murder.  No it is not murder.  Both of these issues that I brought up (homosexuality and murder) allows us to compare and contrast human from non human   animals  .  The only factor that makes sense of these comparison is human morality.  We do not call a bald eagle taking fish from an osprey as stealing in the sense that a thief can steal your   money  .  Human morals do not apply to other animals.  You are creating a fallacy called anthropomorphism. Excluding morality, your misunderstanding of the animal kingdom is the problem.  Given the chance these males that supposedly were acting in ""homosexual"" activity would breed with a female or the alpha female.    "	AGAINST
1306	gayRights	"""Unions give all the same   legal   rights so the only reason I can see for the homosexual movement to want to invade traditional   marriage   is to destroy it completely along with what they deem as unuseful repressive socialtal relgious boundaries, which by the way, is the bedrock of a viable, solid and functional and preserved   society   .""If they are identical in every way to marriage then the term marriage is just a name on a form... so why not allow homosexuals to use the same form as everyone else?""Just my thoughts. Also if we open the door to allow homosexual marriages which is clearly against Biblical and Christian beliefs then it would only stand to reason we would allow adultresses to have moral and legal rights to their married partners   money   ,   health   plans, property, salaries, retirment, and oh yah wills too right?""First... what is against 'Biblical and Christian beliefs' is not all that relevant as not everyone subscribes to those beliefs.  Secondly and adultress can get those rights... she just has to marry the guy (after he divorces his current wife)... unlike homosexuals.""I spent years and years caring for a married man, we bought a house together and a car, went on trips etc but I have no rights as an adultress and if you allow homosexual couples to marry, clearly against the word of Gd, I was wondering how long before you drop all the Godly precepts and boundaries set in place by a wise and loving Gd whose desire is to bless traditional marriage, in lieu of your more enlightened convictions, and allow me to have all the self esteem and protections of the   church   that you afford homosexuals?Again with 'Word of God' and such... it's not relevant to a discussion of legal rights.You can get those protections if you married the guy... something that a homosexual cannot do in a state that prohibits   same-sex marriage  .""I am realistic in the fact that homosexuals have equal rights already in society; they dont want marriage they want to destroy Godly precepts and the parameters set in place for moral edification and protection of the church and Gods people,and some of you ministers are leading us astray.""In places where they cannot get married they do not have equal rights... they want marriage because they want to have the same rights as heterosexuals... not to 'destroy Godly precepts'.  A church is free to marry / not marry whom ever they chose... it is in   the law   that these rights need to be enshrined.""Please consider that all societies need moral guidelines and Godly parameters for a safe and healthy life and country not just just for the family unit, but   children   and society, as a whole need the church to be the church and a light of higher quality.""Moral guidelines are needed... Godly parameters are not.""Only an enemy of God would want to condone homosexuality and adultry""I'm sure that gay Christians out there would disagree with you on that point... and that non-Christians don't really care."	FAVOR
1307	gayRights	"I'm so sorry for all the people who give up who they are for a FEW versus in a 2,000 year old, often translated book. There are some basic tennents that are good in the Bible. I live by those every day. I refuse to believe that love is wrong. I wonder how many times love is mentioned in the Bible? In my opinion, the only thing Exodus does is push those seeking their ""help"" into celibacy. What a waste of a perfectly natural life. "	FAVOR
1308	gayRights	How many years of study are needed to evaluate whether children raised by same-gender parents are essentially equivalent by standard measures of health and psychosocial wellbeing to their opposite-gender-parented peers?	FAVOR
1309	gayRights	 a parent cannot marry their child (even if he or she is of age), two or more spouses, or the husband or wife of another person. such restrictions are based upon the accumulated wisdom not only of societies and cultures around the world for millennia. i'm sorry, are you seriously comparing homosexual relationships to *rape* (incest) or adultery? is that really what you mean to suggest here?ed	FAVOR
1310	gayRights	Thanks for understanding ;)	FAVOR
1311	gayRights	"""Don't ask don't tell"" maintains modesty in sexual relations. Elaine Donnelly, president of the non-profit Center for Military Readiness which supports continuing the ban: ""The law respects the power of sexuality and the normal human desire for modesty in sexual matters.""[11]"	AGAINST
1312	gayRights	"""Ad hominem is when you insult someone instead of addressing the argument in question.""Well in that case I'm not guilty. If anything I'm the one that tried to tell people how ridiculous it is to do that. ""How exactly did she falsely accuse the country of anything?""By saying that this country allows oppression. It does not. Yes it has in the past. But nothing to that degree is going on right now. ""Your church specifically I might add was primarily responsible for the passage of Proposition 8 due it's significant funding of an intolerant and fear-mongering campaign.""Intolerant? Fear mongering? How so? ""I think this is your biggest problem. You accept everything your parents, priest, etc. tell you and don't even look for reasons because ""it's so obvious.""""Okay maybe it was a lame thing to say, I guess the ad homonym is contagious. But if I wasn't looking for a reason then I would go with the flow, not go to church, and do what is easy. Does that sound familiar to you? ""Oppression: unjust or cruel exercise of authority or power""I guess then, that I am being oppressed by you two double teaming me on every freaking debate."	AGAINST
1313	gayRights	A person who has a sexual desire for someone of their same sex, does not commit a sin by having a desire. However, if he indulges the desire in his imagination and then acts upon it (masturbation and/or sexual contact with another) then it becomes a sin. Why is a homosexual act sinful? For the same reason that heterosexual sex outside of marriage is a sin - it injures the people who indulge in it, destroys the presence of grace in the soul, and leads to a warping of the intellect and will, especially one's view of human dignity. 	FAVOR
1314	gayRights	comedy is best in bad taste. the more people it offends, the better (unless it offends everyone but you).lighten up, it's the internetz, not C-SPAN.	AGAINST
1315	gayRights	" Children adopted by gays are subjected to homophobia/prejudices Homophobic language and behaviour is still common in society. Placing a child too young to have an opinion of their own in the care of a gay couple exposes them to this prejudice, and subjects them to ridicule or violence. Whatever ideal we might have, the psychological and physical welfare of the child must come first."	AGAINST
1316	gayRights	Getting married in a   church   is determined by the church so churchy people calm down on it's not gods will.State why can't to people recieve the same rights for being together as any other Person? It's about who will care for them when they are sick or getting older. PDA isn't welcome around me if you're straight or gay I just don't think it's respectful.	FAVOR
1317	gayRights	Though I agree with your position, I feel like more questions need to be asked. For instance, how old are these studies? Are they still going on?Though I am for gay adoption, I do not think the answer is so obvious. It is stirring so much debate because gay adoption is going against the previous traditional values of American society, and any shift from one set of morals to another is bound to bring up some questions. So, yet again, I implore others who are against gay adoption to post and give their point-of-view. I would like to keep this debate as level as possible.	FAVOR
1318	gayRights	"""I think the major point that everyone is missing is that few people would get married if it were not for the benefits attached to such a union. If you remove the benefits, would anyone wish to get married?""you list no benefits."	FAVOR
1319	gayRights	"Copy and paste from an earlier debate like this.People are born gay.Not just people, pandas, swans, monkeys, and every other mamal in the world has a percentage of its population that is gay. linkIf one were to argue that being gay is a choice, they would also have to argue that two male swans who are gay, are choosing to be gay.So please, find me a swan that is making a conscious decision anywhere. Animals work on instinct, they don't make ""lifestyle choices."" Now, people for the most part aren't slaves to instinct. But we have it, just like animals. If one, like the gay swan, has gay instincts, there are 0 logical reasons they should not pursue it. Infact, not being gay if you're gay leads to mental and physical health problems.To answer Pyg's new twist on this arguement.One could argue that there are too many people, and homosexuality is a good thing in this case.Regardless, there's really no end game here. People who are gay have no choice in the matter, and a gay person can and often is born from two not gay parents. Plus there's every level of gay. Human sexuality looks like a bell curve, it's not really even an either or situation. Though most fall pretty heavily on one side or the other, or at least claim to.If not a single gay person were to pass on their genes to the next generation of humans, still the next generation of humans would have a similar percentage of gay members."	FAVOR
1320	gayRights	"""It wouldn't be as special.""  Why should he have the same color ball as I do?  I had one first.  Why should he get ""x"", I didn't get one?  The other   kids   aren't going to think i'm cool if everybody has the same thing I have.Ok, that was midly snippy.  I have seen this ""special"" argument before and I am rather saddened by it.  My 'x' thing (like marriage) is special to me because it is special to me.  It's not more special because you say it is.  It's not less special because you say it isn't.  It is the greatest character flaw in man that we are not always capable of appreciating what we have without the consent, or indeed the jealousy, of those around us.  It is from this that greed stems.  To say that marriage would not be as special because a different group of people now have access to it is both petty and selfish."	FAVOR
1321	gayRights	Hello K,Simplified answer: Healthy human beings who choose to not propagate their own sons and daughters are doing such for selfish reasons. For the record: I despise the state institution of adoption. Thou shalt not covetÃ‰No man or woman can provide a reasonable justification for transgressing that commandment. The fact that there exists a supposed argument that would justify the act of coveting the sons and daughters of other humans is evidence to me of a people who are dead to the words of the commandments.If you would care for a more specific explanation, I have no problem submitting additional information.	AGAINST
1322	gayRights	I would really love to string together obscenities to this argument.  I won't.  This argument that   children   are hit the hardest, and then going on about single   parenting   in the same opinion are both counter-productive and counter-intuitive.  It is precisely the desires of those wishing for marriage that define a two person household.  A homosexual couple is two people.  A divorced man and woman creates the single parent household.  Your argument may as well state that divorce should be illegal.  Perhaps you feel that way, and that is an entirely different debate.This social argument that gay marriage destroys conventional marriage is a boogeyman, fallacy ridden arguement and I am quite tired of hearing it.  	FAVOR
1323	gayRights	as far as the comment about a babies sense .im really confused about that i never sensed anything when i was in the wound as matter of fact i dont remember any of that. can anyone tell me what its like being in the wound.honestly i would really like to know. i guess i just missed out.	AGAINST
1324	gayRights	Was this a misplaced argument? As much as I enjoy Quentin Tarantino's work his analysis of a random movie has nothing to do with whether or not same-sex marriage should be legal.	FAVOR
1325	gayRights	I agree the definiton of marriage is between a man and woman but, the word marry means- To join as spouses by exchanging vows, to take as a spouse, to obtain by marriage. My opinion is marriage is to take a spouse, doesnt matter if its same sex or different sex. I can tell you from personal expierence that   same sex marriage   is important for same sex partners but more importantly its important to their   children  . Maybe more so to   kids  .	FAVOR
1326	gayRights	"What are you talking about? I was responding to the fact that truthfinder said gay marriage went against ""laws of god as seen in science."" I never stated my opinion as to whether homosexuality was good, bad or neither, either. I was disputing his ideas. Laws should be based on rationality. But how does gay marriage harm anyone? Truthfinder's answer was nonsensical; almost as nonsensical as your questions are. And even so as animals is this going to function for them as a regular mated pair?I can't even respond to that because it makes no sense! From now on, reread what you type and think ""what the fuck am I talking about"" before you press the submit button. Okay?"	FAVOR
1327	gayRights	I'm yet to see any comedy from Joe.	FAVOR
1328	gayRights	The definition of marriage is a union and committment between a MAN and a WOMAN.  PERIOD. You don't change definitions because a small vocal minority wants it. I certainly understand same sex people being in love and wanting to spend their remaining days together.  So for insurance and other reasons I would be inclined to agree with some type of civil unions.  But marriage.....NO	AGAINST
1329	gayRights	"I see some of you are twisting the words and making personal attacks, again. This is the usual fare when you can not make your point through logic. Marraige is plain and simple the joining of a man and woman, period. If you must pervers the meaning of a word to make it fit ""your'e"" definition then it is indeeed a contrived definition. If same sex couples want to live together in wedded bless, let them enjoy their civil unions, this describes it very well lietearly and legally. But convulting the term marraige to suit ""well"" meaning otherwise intelligent people is sheer incompetence. "	AGAINST
1330	gayRights	"I actually replied with a long post, answering point by point, but it was lost somehow.  It made me rethink the issue, so I'll provide a few answers to your questions and then reframe the issue.2)     / - Sadly, the Catholic agency had to choose between their beliefs and   law  . The State, which mandated that same-sex marriages were equal to traditional marriages, made it impossible to differentiate legally.4) As you can see, codifying   same-sex marriage   as equal in law DOES force your beliefs on others.  Either the Catholic   adoption   agency agrees with same-sex marriage, or it must close down.  If that is not coercion, I don't know what is.Now for a little reframing.  My hope is that you would attempt to see the issue from the opposite side, although I am a little discouraged that you think it is my responsibility to prove ""when I have demonstrated compassion for homosexuals.""  My hope is that, as an informed women who cares about the issue enough to debate someone on a site like this, you would research these issues. I encourage you to read up on many of the religious issues surrounding same-sex marriage in Europe and the US, as well as read some intellectual discussions from the pro-traditional marriage side. I certainly am not the most eloquent spokesman, but one must first disregard the notion that opponents are either bigots or not progressive in their thinking (and therefor dumb).  You certainly don't get any intellectual debate about the issue in the New York Times or on CNN.The problem with the whole issue is that gays think the marriage issue is all about gays.  It has barely anything to do with gays frankly, and every attempt to change the definition of traditional marriage in American   society   is met with the same attempt to stop it.  The issue is that marriage, as defined as the union between one man and one woman, should be kept that way for the good of society.  Utah wasn't allowed into the Union until it changed its incorrect definition of marriage to that of the United States.Do you think that marriage between one man and one woman, especially in regards to the raising of   children  , is the ideal for society?  Does it make no difference if a child has two mothers instead of a mother and a father?Ignoring the difference between the sexes is required to disregard this ideal. Thinking that a male and a female parent in a loving married relationship do not bring something different to the table than two loving gay parents is just untrue.The point is that traditional-marriage advocates are arguing FOR the ideal of opposite-sex marriage for the betterment of society, and not against any group in particular.It most certainly is not a discrimination issue for gays, even though it is constantly touted as one.  There is no difference between a caucasian man and an asian man other than cosmetic difference.  There are huge differences between men and women.  This is why we have girl scouts and boy scouts, but not white scouts and asian scouts.  We should as a society be able to differentiate in our laws regarding different things, and gays currently have the same right to marry someone of the opposite sex as everyone else.  Gays just don't choose to because of their genetic/nature/nurture/biological differences.  Allowing equal rights in visitation, inheritance, etc should obviously be law, and currently it can be law in many cases through contracts between individuals, but where not it should be made so.In order to make it a discrimination issue, therefor, we would have to change the definition of marriage from ""the union of one man and one woman"" to ""the union between individuals who love each other.""  In this case, there is no rational argument one could make against any grouping of consensual, loving humans joining together in a ""marriage,"" including polygamy and intra-family marriage, which is why that definition is not true.I hope this helps, and I appreciate the discussion.  My main goal merely is to at least get others to think a few steps beyond the initial emotionality of the issue.  What's good for individuals on an micro scale is not necessarily good for society.  Thinking past ""stage 1,"" though most people do not, is imperative to understanding any issue.  Thinking about the consequences wrought on children as they are taught in school that there is no ideal for marriage or relationships, about the consequences on men and women as marriage becomes any arrangement one pleases, and denying the differences between the value of men and women in child-rearing can have vast consequences that are unknowable.  Making such a momentous change in society should be thought out, and at least voted on behind a banner a little more well-thought out than ""Prop H8"" or ""Equal Rights."""	AGAINST
1331	gayRights	I did not post anything on prayer healing, but since you accused, yes it can.	AGAINST
1332	gayRights	Yeah you have troll in your name so I'm going to go ahead and assume you're a troll.	FAVOR
1333	gayRights	Well put. I was going to respond but you basically covered everything I was going to say. I would only add that I never said he was a bigot for opposing marriage, I was talking about how he does recognize where the real discrimination is coming from.	FAVOR
1334	gayRights	Not quite true. Homosexuals do not pass on their genes directly, however many studies have shown that they may make reproduction more likely for their siblings. In fact, the prevalence of homosexuality in other species makes it fairly obvious that homosexuality among a portion of the population, must be beneficial to the survival of a species as a whole. In addition, studies with humans have shown that those people with more older brothers are more likely to be homosexual.The problem with your argument is that you look at evolution from simplistic perspective. Evolution works on helping the individual survive, however in those organisms that reproduce sexually, species evolve in groups. Therefore any characteristic that allows the group to survive will be passed on. There is no definitive proof that homosexuality is one of these characteristics, but the possibility is a strong one.Here is a video that explains the idea better	FAVOR
1335	gayRights	The Alliance Defense Fund maintains that children without the Ã’traditionalÃ“ heterosexual parents will ultimately be a harmful influence on these children.  Even though they proclaim all sorts of unbiased evidence exists to support their claim, they make no mention of it and, in this debate, it has become really important to make your Ã’non-partisan researchÃ“ known, and better yet, to quote it, so that your assertions are clear and verifiable.  Lambda Legal, in their objection, quotes their own sources, and provides links to them, and these sources are of an authoritative nature.  Now, to ADFÃ•s credit, the ADF does paraphrase a source with a name in their response to the objection, but we still have no idea what part of the text they refer to in these sources or how we might even find these sources.  The point is, unnamed sources might as well not exist, and unquoted sources, without any citation or means enabling verification, could very well misinterpret ideas or take them out of context.For the sake of argument, letÃ•s disregard the alleged science of anyoneÃ•s claims and use some good Ã”ole Ã’common senseÃ“ ADF implores.  Now, psychologists might say that a child develops this way because a mother provides influence A and the father provides influence B, and perhaps we can quantify all such influences on child development, and then perhaps we could construct an ideal situation to raise children in.  But who knows what all the influences and factors and combinations there are, let alone how any treatment or situation might work out?  Is it better to spank or not to spank?  Daycare or no daycare?  Homeschool or no homeschool?  Perhaps there is an answer to every one of these kinds of questions, but you donÃ•t need me to tell you we have all the answers, and that, if we have sufficient answers, weÃ•re ready to believe them.  ThatÃ•s why the government still gives parents a lot of free reign over their children.  We step in for a few things, like Ã’food, clothing, health care, and education,Ã“ and housing, and a caring family environment, because the majority of people think thatÃ•s what children need, at a minimum, to live.  For children to thrive, thatÃ•s another question, my friend, one that works in same-sex and heterosexual parents, and ballet lessons, and Sesame Street, and Pre-K educationÃ‘we will work hard and study these things, and perhaps one day the list of things child protection agencies and adoption organizations check up on will increase, but for now, in a reality not of absolutes but of heated controversy and, paradoxically, blurred distinctions, in child-rearing methodology, we have to give every loving parent a child to raise as best they can.  And God knows that love is better than anything else we can give them.	FAVOR
1336	gayRights	 Higot-according to mothers book of definitions means a person who practices, by choice, the act of   homosexuality   and then blames everything under the sun for their sexuality to the point of abnormal psychology. The higot feels they are deserving of special treatment by the whole of society because they just do,period. A person who does not see tolerance as something they must exhibit but that all others must abide by these cosmic rules;a sense of distorted reality  aka homosexual bigot=higot. A person who will when they are questioned about their sexual choice will deny the ability to choose or willingness to admit they can change. Despite horrendous mounting evidence to the contrary. They will say they are born this way and have no choice but deny the fact that people like Rock Hodson would be alive today since his first choice was a woman. They will question the authenticity of someones homosexuality if they do anything illegal or immoral ie serial rapist/murderers that are homosexual are not true homosexuals according to them. That is quite interesting given the fact they feel that homosexuality cannot be taught or learned but is a birth condition, without any genetic proof ofcourse. While on the other hand teaching homosexuality to   children   in school. Was removing this from a mental disorder the wisest decision. NO. We should, and dare I say must, be careful when it comes to the fact our children are being hurt by this misguided and dangerous sexual movement.	AGAINST
1337	gayRights	Straight people love to pull morality and self righteous dogma from their religions and throw them into this argument but it just doesn't fly anymore. Gay marriage hurts no one in any way whatsoever. From all the studies they've done through the years plus the definitive information that was culled from the brains of dead AIDS patients, it is a fact that there is a center of the brain that is much different than that of the heterosexual, that it can no longer be denied. We're different than you are.	FAVOR
1338	gayRights	"There is nothing in the Constitution that protects or establishes ""Gay Marriage.  For further proof of this, was it   legal   at the time for two men or two women to marry?  No!I believe that Marriage should remain defined between a man and a woman, like it has for thousands of years.  For those to enjoy the fruits of their Constitutional right, then legalize Civil Unions with the benefits of being a couple, excluding any rights to have   children   unless they were obtained by natural methods."	AGAINST
1339	gayRights	"""Is there really such a thing as a gay gene? Current research simply doesnÃ•t support the claim""It equally does not support the claim that there is no ""gay gene."""	FAVOR
1340	gayRights	If you don't want a gay marriage, don't get one. what goes on behind closed doors goes on behind closed doors. As long as it's consensual, it's okay. End of story.	FAVOR
1341	gayRights	"""The only thing that determines your entrance into Heaven is your religious affiliation. Is that an accurate summary?""You ask some really intelligent questions quantummechanik but No, that is a common but entirely mistaken belief. Religious affiliation is NOT what determines going to heaven or hell.Whether or not you have a personal, saving relationship with Jesus Christ, the Jewish Messiah, is what determines whether  one goes to heaven or hell.""Jesus said: I am the way, the truth and the life. No man comes unto the Father except by me."" -John 14:6    Rick Brentlinger    "	FAVOR
1342	gayRights	"Regarding marriage, race is a superficial attribute whereas gender is not. A man and a woman from different racial backgrounds can unquestionably procreate children and provide father and mother models in nurturing, educating, and developing them. Two people of the same sex simply cannot do this basic marital function. For a judge to compare racial differences to sexual differences (or orientation) shows plain ignorance of biological and historical facts, as well as judicial incompetence."	AGAINST
1343	gayRights	Government should not determine or exercise legal supervision over marriage.I favor a domestic civil contract for all people who choose to live together.  You get married in your church and file a domestic civil contract with the government.  The contract would provide you the rights to kinship, survivorship, joint ownership, insurance privileges (and all of the other some 4000 rights that only married people can now claim). And, for what it is worth, this would cover other cases such as a son taking care of his aging stepmother.Would that not solve this insane problem?No. Some other stupid thing would come up where gays would be denied their rights.We will never have equal rights until all people share those rights. I am not gay. But I will stand with them until they share equal rights under the law.Michelle	FAVOR
1344	gayRights	Data from multiple identical twin studies, however, proves that this inherited influence is minimal. For a more detailed explanation copy and paste the following link into your browser:     	AGAINST
1345	gayRights	" Gay adoption is better than foster care for children"	FAVOR
1346	gayRights	a relationship with a particular deity, if not a religious affiliation?	AGAINST
1347	gayRights	Well not bringing religion into the argument lets think logically shall we. Consider this, imagine every couple in the world at any generation in time decided to be homosexual, what would happen? There would be no next generation because homosexuals cant reproduce and if they can it would be unnatural granted i am Christian but i also believe in common logic but we cant very well be fruitful and multiply if we were all in a same sex marriage.	AGAINST
1348	gayRights	"How exactly, am I being closed minded? I think im pretty open minded, im not just going with the mediaflow like most of you ""nutter""s are."	AGAINST
1349	gayRights	"""My friend. You will either suffer for sinning or for doing what's right.""How do you know? Do you think you're special enough to know what your god wants? That sounds pretty arrogant to me.I'd rather suffer for choosing the right path.""Pascal's Wager is a false dichotomy; it's not just, ""If my christian god isn't real, then I have nothing to worry about anyway since I'm taking the safe route and believing."" In reality, any one of the thousands of gods in history are also a possibility. I don't know about you, but if I believed and then only realized many, many years later that I was wrong, I would be devastated. It would've been a complete waste of time.\""God desires to rescue us from suffering as sinners, but that means we'll need to suffer ridicule as His children.""It's kind-of backwards for god to make a system that is guaranteed to send billions of people to hell, then pretend he cares. If god desired to rescue people, he would rescue everyone. It wouldn't matter if they believed or not. He would also have the omniscience to see the choices people will already make. Would make the entire thing quite redundant - and if he wouldn't have the omniscience nor the power to intervene, why call him god, then?""Humans are in a battle for their souls.""I'd like to see some hard evidence for the existence of souls in the first place.""You can either surrender to the enemy and sit in a cell as satan's prisoner or you can suffer with Jesus Christ as a soilder and take some hits.""God is ultimately responsible for satan's actions, if this is the case. Doesn't sound like a good god to me. Just sounds like a cruel, slave-driving tyrant that likes to play useless games.""Secondly, you're making an assumption from a perspective of someone who's obviously never experienced a true encounter with the very real God ...""What is a, ""true encounter with the very real God?"" If your christian god really exists, he would make it obvious to everyone - even with free will intact.""... who sets people free from lust and dysfunctions.""Lust is natural; it's part of nature and yes, human nature, as well. Why would your christian god (who is perfect) make an imperfect creation? What would be the motivations for wanting all people to (ultimately) torture themselves? Why would he focus on one tiny rock in the entire universe? Doesn't make sense.""God came in the form of man in the person of Jesus Christ and suffered with us against sin and won our freedom. He paid for our debt.""Firstly: Jesus was only written about in gospels and has no other references to him in history (during or shortly after his time) whatsoever. Second: in the bible, the romans treated Jesus special as opposed to traditional civil executions during the time. The romans who (supposedly) crucified him did not believe he was the son of god or anything special, but they somehow gave him special treatment anyway? Again, makes no sense. Even more ridiculous is the fact that they made a separate grave for him when tradition was to throw them in a mass grave. Thirdly: the supposed testimonials to seeing Jesus after death are inconsistent even when the multiple parties witnessing it were present.""That's worth suffering for if it means gaining life eternal.""How do you know you'll gain eternal life? How do you know you're not just wasting your time? How do you know you're even worshiping the right god? There's too many questions that arise even from the assumption that a theistic god really does exist.It's funny to me that if for any reason other than religion you acted the way you did, you'd be considered to be crazy. I think it's about time psychiatrists start evaluating religion, as well."	FAVOR
1350	gayRights	Is that a fact what about the   concealed carry   permit holders?	AGAINST
1351	gayRights	The problems with your view are manifold.1. Committed, faithful, non-cultic, same sex partnerships are not prohibited in the Old Testament, in Sodom or anywhere else.         What the OT prohibits is shrine prostitution. Therefore there is no prior scriptural basis for Paul to prohibit same sex relationships, except for prohibiting shrine prostitution.        2. Since lesbianism is never condemned in the OT, it is entirely out of context with Paul's argument about idolatry to suddenly inject a one verse condemnation of lesbianism (Romans 1:26) into his idolatry argument.3. Early Christians understood Romans 1:26 as a reference to non-procreative sex as being unnatural. It was hundreds of years later (around AD 330), when John Chrysostom decided Paul might have been referring to lesbians.4. If you'll take the time to read the information at the Links in my previous comment to you, you will discover that early Christians DID understand Romans 1:26-27 as referring to shrine prostitution instead of homosexuality.        5. Scripture cannot mean NOW what it did not mean THEN. If Romans 1:26-27 was a reference to shrine prostitution then, its a reference to shrine prostitution now. That doesn't change simply because someone in the twenty first century decides to take the verses out of their historical context. 	FAVOR
1352	gayRights	So you're basing your arguments off of christian mythology?	FAVOR
1353	gayRights	 Unions give all the same   legal   rights so the only reason I can see for the homosexual movement to want to invade traditional   marriage   is to destroy it completely along with what they deem as unuseful repressive socialtal relgious  boundaries, which by the way, is the bedrock of a viable, solid and functional and preserved   society  . Just my thoughts. Also if we open the door to allow homosexual marriages which is clearly against Biblical and Christian beliefs then it would only stand to reason we would allow adultresses to have moral and legal rights to their married partners   money  ,   health   plans, property, salaries, retirment, and oh yah wills too right? And then if we give this right to adultresses why not just open it to polygamous marriage, and then to incestous marriage, and then to beastiality marriage and then to heck just get rid of marriage all together. Do you see how damaging allowing homosexual marriage will be? Probably not so instead here is a question from an ex-adultress to all churches and ministers who feel they can either by pass God and condone homosexuality and adultry or either feel they can stay neutral on these moral subjects : have a question for all ministers out there that are marrying homosexual couples.  This question comes from me, and ex-adultress, I would like to know when adultresses will get the stamp of approval from your   church   too, when will this lifestyle be given moral respectablity and legal rights? When will the minister hail the love and devotion of adultresses in this country?I spent years and years caring for a married man, we bought a house together and a car, went on trips etc but I have no rights as an adultress and if you allow homosexual couples to marry, clearly against the word of Gd, I was wondering how long before you drop all the Godly precepts and boundaries set in place by a wise and loving Gd whose desire is to bless traditional marriage, in lieu of your more enlightened convictions, and allow me to have all the self esteem and protections of the church that you afford homosexuals? So as long as your not following Godly principles you wont mind allowing all adultresses to have the same legal and moral marital rights as the married couple correct? And since you dont care much of what God has to say about blessing Holy matrimony you wont mind if my kissin cousins marry us too?You cant possibly be opposed to one big happy family, now what wouldnt be very tolerable of you, so SEE YOU IN CHURCH. I ll be in the adultress section, just to the left of the homosexual section, and I fully expect to have the full cooperation and support of the church in my lifestyle too. I hope you undertand I am being sarcastic but at the same time I am realistic in the fact that homosexuals have equal rights already in society; they dont want marriage they want to destroy Godly precepts and the parameters set in place for moral edification and protection of the church and Gods people,and some of you ministers are leading us astray. Please consider that all societies need moral guidelines and Godly parameters for a safe and healthy life and country not just  just for the family unit, but   children   and society, as a whole need the church to be the church and a light of higher quality. PS Only an enemy of God would want to condone homosexuality and adultry. I repented and came back to God in 1998 and have by my own choice, not always easy though, taken a vow of celibacy for the past 11 years, per scripture. God is head of my home and for the past 11 years it has been a happy one!	AGAINST
1354	gayRights	You seem to think that only your vision of what this site should be is the valid vision. Only your vision of how votes should be used is the right one. And on top of all that you want to add even more rules like, you have to leave a reason explaining why they down voted you. That seems strange from someone who wants to be accepted. It's like you want to be accepted on your terms but you don't want to have to accept others on their terms. You want ot have your cake and eat it too. Human nature, I guess ;)BTW, if log on as downvote, you can down vote again ;)	AGAINST
1355	gayRights	I'm all for same sex couples getting married.  But it's the legal part that I disagree with.  IMHO, the legality of marriage should have nothing to do with government recognition or benefits. Governments should have a concept for Civil Unions for any two people to enter into.  A contract between the couple and the State in essence.  If the government wants to provide benefits, i.e. tax deductions, to people in a union as a result of them having kids, owning property, etc, then do so as encouragement and recognition that stable relationships can benefit the greater good of society (not that single people don't as well.)Marriage then should be, as it has become, a religious institution.  Let each faith in the world decide if they will allow their religious leaders and followers to participate in same sex marriages or not.	FAVOR
1356	gayRights	"Pliskin (Snake?), Of course you're right that sex is a personal matter that is no one else's concern because it harms no one else.  ""Live and let live"" is a pretty good basis for morality, in my view, precisely because its basis is respect for other humans,and not obedience to god's law.  Clearly theists don't see it that way.  To them ""good"" is doing what god says, ""evil"" is not doing what god says.  How an act affects (or doesn't affect) other people is irrelevant to them.  ""Live and let live"" is NOT the basis of religionist morality.  I believe that most people choose religionist morality 1) because it requires less thought, responsibility and effort to do what your told than it does to decide right and wrong for yourself, and to live with the consequences, and 2) because it can be used to justify personal prejudices (i.e. homophobia) and give them divine support.  Hence people cite bible passages that support their views, while ignoring (or ""interpreting"" others that don't.  Often, people don't form beliefs because of what the bible says, they interpret the bible to support their preconceived beliefs.  And the bible lends itself well to this kind of rationalization by being vague and downright self-contradictory on most issues.  Sid"	FAVOR
1357	gayRights	HG...LOL! I'll forgive you this one but there was a day, in my time, where the term Lesbian was frowned upon. Today, because everything and everyone MUST be categorized we've been split into Males (Gays) and Females (Lesbians). I still take exception to it because I remember the stigma attached to it. Faggots and Lesbos, Fags & Lesbians! We called each other Gay...no one else did. Geeze, what monikers! So now the guys have the Happy term and women have the Politically Correct one!	FAVOR
1358	gayRights	"Two rebuttals here i'd like to offer:1) research about homosexual couples being better parents or that homosexuality is genetic. I'm sorry, but neither of these things are proven facts, and there is a lot of controversial research on both sides of the aisle. I think both sides should be able to agree here that neither side has been proven. I know, I know, you can show me 100 studies that say the above is true, but guess what, I can show you 100 studies that say the opposite and then we just get into the ""who's study is better"" thing, and it's just a waste of time. Many things can be conclusively proven. These are not yet in that category for either side. Besides, for all the ""studies show"" comments above, no one has cited a single one. I find the funniest thing about such studies is that everyone has heard of them and is sure something has been shown conclusively, but no one is quite sure when or where.2) the adoption thing is really irrelevant I think. In this country there aren't hordes of orphans wishing for parents to adopt them. This is a myth taken from the situation some time ago. Walk into an adoption clinic, things have really changed. It's not easy to adopt. Now outside of this country things are very different I know, but I still don't think gay marriage is going to significantly impact this. Feel free to disagree with me here, I just really think this is a seperate topic. Oh, and if you disagree, I think you will see that studies show I'm right ;)(I'm kidding in case you didn't catch that) :)"	AGAINST
1359	gayRights	"I didn't say that it would affect anyones choice on if they are homosexual, or who they marrie. I define a family as a mother and father who love each other(not just care for each other) and for their children. Also, parents are more than just role models.""There are thousands of kids in orphanages all over the world who would be a billion times better off being raised by 2 homosexuals than left in the orphanage!"" -says who!? a billion times, please"	AGAINST
1360	gayRights	"My second sentence above should read, ""If one wishes to PROVE that..."""	FAVOR
1361	gayRights	If you are refering to studies supporting same-gendered parents, then, yes.  Here is a link to a good summary:    	FAVOR
1362	gayRights	"Homosexuality or any sort of human sexual expression is a ""sin"" only in a narrowly-focused set of values. The real question to ask is, assuming you love your own individual life, would homosexual behavior on your part be a ""sin"", ""immoral"" or ""unethical"" according to your own set of values?Nothing genuinely factual and no consistently logical argument thus far leads to the conclusion that homosexual behavior among human beings is objectively and universally sinful, immoral, unethical. The question must always be, what does the individual value? Why? According to what factual information? According to what reason?The Judeo-Christian philosophies and religions have a long tradition, however, and despite the  claims of their adherents, they have never and never will reflect anything resembling authentically objective and universal values. They therefore cannot speak in universal terms in relation to their own group value sets, nor can they rationally compel their values on non-members of their respective groups.Whatever rights one has derives from the fact of one's own life and from nowhere else. Your own right to your life cannot be factually and logically extended to justify any ""right to the life of another"". Due to circumstances, one may be a liberty to compel the life of another, however, one cannot have the right to do so. No such right exists. One's own values must reign supreme in one's own life - even if those values are in some way borrowed from the values of others, however, one's own values, again, cannot be factually and logically extended to become the involuntary values of another.That homosexuality is universally a ""sin"" in the narrow view of Judeo-Christian-Muslim beliefs is debated even among members of those philosophies. Those beliefs, those values are not universal and cannot be argued as such. Yes, homosexuality is a sin ... to some. No, it isn't to others. If there is an ethical struggle on the issue, it is this - does one individual have any right to compel their values onto another, whether they be in support or against human homosexual behavior?Facts and logic suggest the answer to that is - no."	FAVOR
1363	gayRights	"The idea is that Jesus in His life, death and resurrection, fulfilled all the demands of the Law, therefore we are not required to keep the Law ourselves to be right with God.That is not a license to sin. It simply acknowledges that ""all our righteousnesses are as filthy rags."" To get saved and to go to heaven, we need the righteousness of Christ.""Whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation THROUGH FAITH IN HIS BLOOD, to declare HIS RIGHTEOUSNESS for the remission of sins that are past, through the forbearance of God;To declare, I say, at this time, HIS RIGHTEOUSNESS..."" - Romans 3:25""But of him are ye in Christ Jesus, who of God is made unto us wisdom, and RIGHTEOUSNESS, and sanctification, and redemption."" - I Corinthians 1:30        "	FAVOR
1364	gayRights	I really don't have a problem with polygamy either. Seriously. It's part of some people's   religion   (as stupid as organized religion really is and the fact that God is a non-existent figment of people's imaginations). Now 17 might be pushing it a bit. The age of majority may still need to be enforced, but you know, that's about it. Of course you have to be 18 (or have parental consent) to enter into other contracts as well. People do need to butt out of what two consenting individuals do and focus more on issues that matter (i.e. the   economy  ). 	FAVOR
1365	gayRights	Show me the difference between christianity and buddism in an orderly and organized fashion.This might take some time but nevertheless i do wish to see what kind of mannerly and orderly fashion you have in mind that you want to show.I don't mind mistaking the truth for hostiliity because clarity comes from chaos.I rather learn things the hard way and of course with reasoning and proper understanding, i would'nt believe in god that is omnipotent and thats it i need to know and understand more about it.Please do show me what your opinions are between these two religions.I don't mind them being vulgar but i just need them to be understandable.Whatever vulgar stuff there is i don't care and i can't stop you :]	FAVOR
1366	gayRights	And I was disappointed you used only half the cliches that are usually used ie cant find it, biased source, oh you forgot one, your slipping...HOMOPHOBIC...oh yah, I guess there will be a homophobic gene suddenly appearing soon too...right out of the National Education Ass. black hat of mystic tricks to pull on   children  .OOOWWW Im scared now.....I am...I am...	AGAINST
1367	gayRights	"Disclaimer: I'm not anti gay. I voted ""NO"" on prop 8 and protested side by side with the gay community outside the Mormon temple in Westwood.I am a parent. I have two daughters and two sons. Being in a heterosexual marriage I can see the advantages of having parents from different sexes. There are times that I can not connect to one of my children because I see things from a man's point of view. At those times my wife is the one who has a totally different perspective and manages to understand something that I never could. This works the other way around too. The simple fact is that men and women are different and a child growing up needs both points of views to be able to make good balanced decisions.I'm sure children with same sex parents will grow up well enough to become very good citizens but my beliefe is that they are at a disadvantage and have to learn things the hard way."	AGAINST
1368	gayRights	"Marriage between a man and woman is fundamental to family unit. It has been this way throughout history, regardless of religion, in ALL societies from primative to developed. It is natural law. It provides the structure for procreation and then nurturing, educating, and developing the children into productive members of society. Each child needs a father and a mother in their upbringing to model both. There is ample evidence that when either are missing, poverty and dysfunction increases (however noble the efforts of the single parent)."	AGAINST
1369	gayRights	"I think the issue being addressed here is a question of whether or not marriage for anyone can be considered a right guaranteed by the United States government. Not necessarily the question of whether or not same-sex couples' marriages specifically are recognized by the government. As for my personal views on the issue I honestly think the best solution is for the government to simply call all civil unions precisely what they are: civil unions.Leave it to individuals and churches to determine the definition of ""marriage."""	AGAINST
1370	gayRights	Maybe this will help give a little perspective:if you have oral sex, or really any sex except for the purpose of procreation - should you be allowed to adopt children??	FAVOR
1371	gayRights	"the teacher is right in his / her assertion that ""it's ok to be gay"".  The only time it's not ok is when in the presence of the ignorant."	FAVOR
1372	gayRights	"Hey there,I have two problems with the view that David was gay.  Firstly the Bible never says David and Jonathan ""lay together"", which supports the cultural view that D&J were not a couple.  If the Holy Spirit REALLY wanted to say that same-sex sex is okay, surely telling us D&J had sex would have been the simplest way to say so?  My second problem is a larger than life woman called Bathsheba (2 Sam 11).  Surely if David was gay, his adultery would have been to   murder   her, and chase Uriah, her husband?!  His actions with her are VERY inconsistent with those of a gay man, aren't they?  Just a thought... :-)"	FAVOR
1373	gayRights	Most   Americans   accept gays for who they are. Don't ever feel like a second class citizen because of a vocal few that choose to be intolerant of others. As for   gay marriage   the Constitution is on your side.	FAVOR
1374	gayRights	"Military opinion on gays is significantly behind societal opinion. Jeff Cleghorn, a former lawyer with the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network, a gay-rights group monitoring military justice, said to the Washington Post in June 18, 2004 article, ""In the case of some, they get in the Army and they are traumatized by an awareness that the military is 20 years behind the societal curve.""[17] "	FAVOR
1375	gayRights	"This is a touchy subject. However, I believe that it's important for a child to have been raised by a mother and a father. Each parent gives his or her child different life lessons and raises a child differently. Sure, one man could act as the father and the other as the ""mother"", but I think gender is a factor in how you raise your child, no matter sexual orientation. And then there's single parents. The difference there is that they are open to dating other people, so the boyfriends or girlfriends can come into the home and help the single parent in raising his or her child."	AGAINST
1376	gayRights	I try my hardest to keep religion out of my debates, unless of course the debate is about the existence of God. =p But other than that, I keep them secular.	AGAINST
1377	gayRights	"In both of these passages, Paul uses the Greek term arsenokoite in reference to male homosexuality.  The conventional understanding has been that Paul is specifically addressing homosexuality within this passage.The pro-gay theological stance is that Paul is extremely concerned about prostitution within I Corinthians 6 and is mainly referring to male prostitutes.  This word is only used within I Corinthians and I Timothy but nowhere else in the literature of the period.(1)  John Boswell states that there were other words for Ã’homosexualÃ“ in the Greek language so there was little need to use this term.(2)   Also the word arsenokoite is a term that Paul has created from the words arsenos (man) and koite (couch or bed) and is specific to him.  Therefore, Paul is condemning sexual immorality in general and not referring to committed homosexual relationships.  While it is true that the term arsenokoite appears to be of PaulÃ•s invention, the context in which it appears is not nullified because of PaulÃ•s originality.  In fact, Paul coined 179 words throughout the New Testament.  The words arsenos and koiten are taken directly from the Holiness Code of the Septuagint.(3)   Because arsen is Greek for Ã’manÃ“ and koites means Ã’bedÃ“, the connotation of sexual activity is predominant.  The SeptuagintÃ•s translation of Leviticus 18:22 and 20:13 places the words arsenos and koite in close proximity to each other and is suggested by Martii Nissinen that Paul is creating a neologism based upon the Septuagint.(4)   These are the previously referred passages in which homosexual behavior is expressly forbidden.  This further complicates the position that another meaning other than homosexuality is implied.  In I Corinthians 5:1, Paul begins by addressing sexual matters with the general term porneia, Ã”sexual immoralityÃ•.  This is applied to a case of heterosexual immorality in verse 1 regarding a manÃ•s stepmother.  In the following verses there are initial references to porneia referencing heterosexual immorality followed by arsenokoitai which references the homosexual contrast.(5)    In this context, one must consider the intent of arsenokoite in its perceived application to prostitution.  Arsenos signifying Ã”maleÃ• is a clear emphasis on gender.   Koite meaning Ã”couchÃ• is listed only twice in the New Testament in a sexual connotation.  There is nothing within these words that would implicate a trade or bartering.  __________________________________1 Rev. Elder Don Eastman, ""Homosexuality:  Not A Sin, Not A Sickness,"" Metropolitan Community Church, 1990,         =/CM/HTMLDisplay.cfm&ContentID=629#Part1/ (accessed August 5, 2007).2 Joe Dallas, The Gay Gospel (Eugene: Harvest House Publishers, 2007), 209.3 Joe Dallas, A Strong Delusion (Eugene: Harvest House, 1996), 198.4 Gwen B. Sayler, ""Beyond the Biblical Impasse:  Homosexuality through the Lens of Theological Anthropology,"" A Journal of Theology 44, no. 1 (Spring 2005): 86.5 Ed. L. Miller, ""More Pauline references to homosexuality?,"" Evangelical Quarterly 77, no. 2 (2005): 130."	AGAINST
1378	gayRights	"While individuals may chose to agree with or not agree with Same-Sex marriages, including religions, the California Supreme Court has ruled that Same-Sex Marriage and Traditional Marriage are the same (please read the California Supreme Court consolidated ""In Re Marriage Cases""), and as such, cannot be legally distinguished or separated. What now happens to individuals or religious institutions who continue to separate them, or to disagree with Same-Sex Marriage. Their right to hold an opinion is now legally weakened. In fact, Catholic Adoption Services in Massachusetts, where Same-Sex Marriage is also legal, has been legally told to include Same-Sex couples in their adoption services or to shut down their operations. Thus, while the Catholic Adoption Services do not ""agree"" with Same-Sex Marriage, they have been forced to either accept it or close down. The right to disagree has been taken away, and this is only one of several cases I have heard of where even non-profit organizations, religious organizations, and business have been fined for not ""agreeing"" with Same-Sex Marriage. Those who believe Same-Sex Marriage is a matter of opinion and should not be forced on all should vote Yes on Proposition 8."	AGAINST
1379	gayRights	Well to sort of counter the downvotes, I'm going to just add another argument. I really love it when people downvote without a reason... not! Seriously, if you're going to downvote an argument that you disagree with, say so! If it's bad grammar, which is rare for me, then fine (and not just one misspelled word). This is a legitimate argument with no misspellings or grammatical errors and there is NO right to downvote it.	FAVOR
1380	gayRights	"I realize that personal experience needs to be questioned, but my experiences tell me that sexual orientation is not a matter of choice.  I have known I was gay since I was 18 and if I am being truthful there were hints much, much earlier in my life that I ignored, because I didn't want to accept that reality.  When I discovered my gay identity, I became extremely closeted and spent several years in a quasi-suicidal mindset.  Had I been able to   change   my sexual orientation, I would have in a heartbeat.I don't know whether people are born gay or they ""become"" gay early in life.  I don't believe that it matters.  If there were a definite genetic link, the next stage would be for people to find a ""cure"" and honestly I don't believe I have anything to be cured of.  We should accept that sexuality is a complex part of human existence.  Some people are gay, some people are straight, some people are bisexual and others fall somewhere else on the spectrum.  And you know what, that's OK."	FAVOR
1381	gayRights	I think we all need to revisit the context of what Paul said.	AGAINST
1382	gayRights	"According to the Christians I grew up around (Southern Baptists), yes, being a ""born-again"" Christian trumps all.  But since I am an atheist, I consider such debates about equal to debating which color of unicorns is more ""fair""."	FAVOR
1383	gayRights	"Imagine a contract giving benefits to married couples.Now imagine a ""civilly unionized"" couple trying to obtain the same benefits.Get my drift?"	FAVOR
1384	gayRights	"No, I'm not gay. I am assuming that was supposed to be an insult, yet you have been defending it. Its like you are saying ""protect the gays give them rights,"" then you you turn around and say ""hey i don't like you, i will humiliate you by saying that your gay"" -you just contradicted yourself!"	AGAINST
1385	gayRights	"The ""parents"" need their freedom too. We're all human beings, animals. We have feelings. It's just a minority of us have feelings for the same sex, but those people should not be deprived of their place in the society. It is not weird for a child to have two parents of the same sex. The parents need to be accepted in this society too. As for the children, if they really do get out of hand with a single parent, we should help them more, shouldn't we? We should teach them if their parents don't. The children feel left out because the society looks at same sex parents as unacceptable people. Just like the parents feel the pain. The best solution to this is to accept same sex lovers as part of our society, not looking down on them or anything, letting them feel accepted, so the children will not have any problems at all."	FAVOR
1386	gayRights	When you stop writing to me I'll stop. I have no intention on answering you otherwise but I won't have you write garbage about me without defending myself.....So why don't you leave well enough alone and I'll have nothing to reply to. It's real simple!	FAVOR
1387	gayRights	"That's your opinion.Many studies have found that same-sex parentage has no bearing on a child's self-esteem or sexuality.Furthermore, as David E. Seidelson (1966, Catholic University Law Review) pointed out (in regards to miscegenation statutes): ""Suppose, however, the social hostility aroused by a racially mixed marriage is sufficiently great to threaten peace and good order.  Is there not, then, sufficient justification for state action?  By all means.  However, appropriate state action should consist of enforcement of existing laws aimed at maintaining tranquility and, if necessary, additional laws imposing sanctions upon those who would threaten or actually commit harmful or disorderly acts as a result of a racially mixed marriage.  Statutory prohibition of such marriages as a mode of preserving tranquility makes no more sense than (and, bearing in mind the Ã’fundamental rightÃ“ of marriage, even less sense than) statutory prohibition of bow ties and mustaches.""In other words, it is the children who would bully other children of same-sex parents who should be punished.  Not the same-sex parents.I would direct you to studies: Psychosocial Adjustment, School Outcomes, and Romantic Relationships of Adolescents With Same-Sex Parents.  Jennifer L. Wainright, Stephen T. Russell, and Charlotte J. Patterson.  Child Development, 2004, Volume 75, Number 6, Pages 1886-1898.Patterson, C.J. (2000).  Family relationships of lesbians and gay men.  Journal of Marriage and the Family, 62, 1052 Ã 1069.Huggins (1989).  A comparative study of self-esteem of adolescent children of divorced lesbian mothers and divorced heterosexual mothers.  In F.W. Bozett (Ed.), Homosexuality and the family (pp. 123-35).  New York: Harrington Park Press.O'Connor, A. (1993).  Voices from the heart: The developmental impact of a mother's lesbianism on her adolescent children.  Smith College Studies in Social Work, 63, 281-299.Gershon, Tschann, and Jemerin (1999).  Stigmatization, self-esteem, and coping among the adolescent children of lesbian mothers.  Journal of Adolescent Health, 24, 437-445.Golombok et. al.: Children in lesbian and single-parent households: Psychosocial and psychiatric appraisal.  Journal of Child Psychology and Psychiatry, 24, 551-572."	FAVOR
1388	gayRights	"""Please explain how a male can possibly explain the mother instinct to a male adolescent? Please comment on the relationship a mother has with a son, if your a male?"" I agree that some experiences in life are gender-specific. But there are resources available. If you are that father trying to explain a mother-son relationship, could you not use your experience as a son as an example? Hmmmmm...""Please explaine ""well adjusted"" and ""open minded"". Is one inclusive of the other? Who says so, you? The neighbor? ""Yes, one is inclusive of the other. Who says so? I do. This is my forum, my opinions, so I decide.I agree that children of same sex parents or single parents lack a parent of one gender. I just don't believe that necessarily makes them ""disadvantaged"". There are other family members, friends, loved ones, etc. that a parent can turn to if the need arises. For myself, I can't think of a time when my gender hindered my parenting. But that's just me.""Your perspective that all's a child need is love and affection is rather limited in itself. Love an affection have nothing to do with the focus of discussion so why mention it?"" I certainly never stated that ALL a child needs is love and affection. Wouldn't that make this an easier world? I was simply using this as an example to illustrate that children with same-sex parents are not at a disadvantage. And I have to disagree that these things have ""nothing to do with the focus of this discussion"". I find as a parent, that things like love, affection, understanding, etc. help get us through a lot of life's rough parts. Don't you agree? These things are the foundation of ANY solid parent-child relationship. ""Most adopted kids want to know who their biological parents are. There is a bond that is undeniable and has nothing to do with the love and kindness of another."" I agree. Not sure of the relevance to this discussion, however. Seems like that is true whether the child was adapted my moms, dad, or one of each...""You talk about bigots like straights have a corner on the market.""I never said any such thing. Bigots come in all shapes, sizes, and sexualities. ""Waht about the gay's threatening the lives of christians? I suppsoe that's OK since they promote you agenda.""I haven't heard of any gay people threatening the lives of Christians. Can you please direct me to that news story? If it has happened, I would say it's NOT okay. When's the last time you say a protest sign that said ""God Hates Church-Goers"" or ""Kill all Baptists""??? I didn't think so. My only ""agenda"" is to live my life the best I can. ""Or pedophiles wanting to become parents haveing close access same sex children, schools, and friends. Or do you say that this doesn't exist?"" I'm not sure what your point is here. What does this have to do with bigotry? Of course pedophiles exist, and of course I don't agree with them.  "	FAVOR
1389	gayRights	So you're the one who possesses all the understanding, you just can't articulate your thoughts...Riiiiiiight	FAVOR
1390	gayRights	Separation of church and state - idea that the government and religion should be separate, and not interfere in each other's affairs. In the United States, this idea is based on the First Amendment to the US Constitution, which states that the government cannot make any laws to establish a state religion or prohibit the free exercise of religion.(source)Banning gay marriage because the Bible says it's wrong is tantamount to establishing Christianity as a state religion.	FAVOR
1391	gayRights	"RE: ""I was relating this to the idea that children belonging to same-sex couples would be bullied, and I thought that your post was using this to create an argument.""It is an argument. If you know there's a war, you don't send innocents into the war zone. If an adult, of his or her own free will, wants to become martyrs for a cause, that's their call to make. I'll refrain from expressing an unvarnished view of what I think about adults who martyr children as their proxies."	AGAINST
1392	gayRights	Doesn't say anything in there about marriage.And once again, women are off the hook. Lesbians seem to be fine with those passages.	FAVOR
1393	gayRights	"Same sex marriages are JUST AS MUCH capable, if not more, to provide the best environment, and love needed for a child, as opposing sex couples. And some people are saying you hate gays because of the way your talking. if you had said something like ""i think same sex marriages can provide well, but opposing sex can do better, either way it works"" then people wouldn't think you hate gays, but because your dissin on them and everything they think you hate them. "	FAVOR
1394	gayRights	"A person of faith bringing up scientific evidence?  That is almost funny.  Faith is the antithesis of science.  There is no scientific proof of the existence of God yet you choose to believe.  I respect that choice but science has nothing to do with anything about faith.  Faith, by definition, is the belief in something that there is no proof of.And you bring up adultery. Would you like a list of ""Good Christians"" who have crossed that commandment? Yet I have never heard any Christian spewing hatred and oppression towards their fellow Christians who have strayed. You may want to read up on some of the developments in the Catholic church in the last 10 years.While there may be a passage in the bible that says homosexuality is a sin, there are HUNDREDS of passages that tell you to love your neighbor, judge not, forgiveness, etc etc.  If you are a true Christian then you are to treat your fellow man as you would be treated, gay or not.  There is no gray in that, it is crystal clear."	FAVOR
1395	gayRights	Our founding fathers didn't think women should vote nor interratial marriage should be allowed. 	FAVOR
1396	gayRights	me niether...will have to remember that one...seeing it seems to go along with all the other profanities i delight in.	FAVOR
1397	gayRights	This shared traits argument is stating over and over that nature could play as much a role in defining   homosexuality   as much as genetics... therefore, this argument actually goes contrary to your proposed position.  Furthermore, coincidence does not entail causality.  	AGAINST
1398	gayRights	So that's why strong anti-gay people will shoot a gay person just because they're gay? That's why Westboro Baptist Church pickets the funerals of fallen soldiers? If that's not hatemongering then I don't know what is. 	FAVOR
1399	gayRights	"1st. . .the question is not is being gay good, bad or indifferent? It is about gay marriage.For the record I have not one issue with the type, sex, number or racial, religious background of peoples bed, shed or head partners. Consenting adults can consent to anything.So unless someone says ""ew your gay!?"" stick to the subject please and quit reading even more into the topic than you already are. . .Sure let's use the analogy of the animal kingdom. Sure gay relationships abound. . .but how about a gay mated pair? And even so as animals is this going to function for them as a regular mated pair?"	AGAINST
1400	gayRights	"1. No first of all it's not. Civil unions do not grant all the rights of marriage. Only 9 states offer civil unions to same-sex couples with almost all the rights of marriages. Six other states offer civil unions to same-sex couples with some of the rights. Therefore no civil union has the same rights as marriages, and most states don't even have civil unions. Also the federal government does not recognize civil unions and due to the Defense of Marriage Act, same-sex couples in marriages, civil unions, or domestic partnerships do not have ""1,138 rights, benefits and privileges that a married couple has under federal law.""So thank you for the talking point from NOM, but you're totally incorrect. Civil unions are not the same as being married. But even if they were, this would not be acceptable. How can you possibly think it is fair to deem one type of union unworthy of being called marriage. Would this have been an acceptable alternative when interracial marriage was illegal? Oh it's okay you can't get married to someone of a different race because you can just get a civil union?2. This is a really dumb statement. Yeah sure and 100 years ago women could say they can vote without any problem. Except that it's not true.I really don't understand why people even care enough to be opposed to gay marriage. It doesn't hurt anybody, what is the big deal?"	FAVOR
1401	gayRights	I don't remember ever choosing to be gay. As long as I can remember, even when I was around ten years old, I had emotional feelings for boys my age that I did not feel toward girls. I liked girls then, and I like women now, but my emotional feelings are different toward women than toward men, and my sexual feelings toward women are nonexistent.If I had been given a choice I most likely would have chosen to be in the majority, where I would find a larger pool of mates and a greater number of people to whom I'd feel connected. I've had a successful life as a brown-eyed gay man, though, and I see as much need to change my sexuality as my eye color. In this world people are not all the same height and weight, and do not all have the same hair color and hair texture. Sexuality is merely one more characteristic that adds to our individuality.While it's true that Hitler and some others throughout history have viewed inborn characteristics as a measure of a person's worthiness of life, none of those other characteristics are questioned today, at least in polite   society  . People today tend to pride themselves as being special based primarily on the amount of compassion they have toward others; inborn individual characteristics are at best interesting individually but really don't matter to the whole of the world.	FAVOR
1402	gayRights	These articles say it best for me anyway.     This article was very sad because what kind of message are these adults sending to   children  ? Disrupt church services and break   the law  , what ever it takes, to force ourselves onto people. Is that a healthy lifestyle for children? No way it is.Heres another article:     More proof children should not be raised in this   environment  . When your an adult you can decide when you will become sexually active and with whom but this agenda is pushing it down the throats of American children and that is too heavy a burden for them to carry and it is in my opinion criminal to do so to them. Just my thoughts. Have a good day.	AGAINST
1403	gayRights	Well, lets think about this... Which is easier:1. To force the federal government to give civil unions the same exact right as marriages or2. To force their version of marriage down the rest of our throats?	AGAINST
1404	gayRights	"""How can you call yourself an expert when you are not willing to do a 10 minute google search?""high five"	FAVOR
1405	gayRights	"A   civil union   can be defined just as marriage can be defined.A dog is not a cat. A man is not a woman. A man wedded to two wives is not the same thing as a man wedded to thirteen wives.We went down a long road as a   society   demanding there is no difference between men and women. There is not a little 'expansion slot' in the brain into which a card is inserted that is labeled ""male"" or ""female."" But on the other hand, it did not   add   to the richness of the human experience by failing to note that a man and a woman are different.There is no harm in notating that a man wedding a woman is different than a man wedding a man; and that is different from singleness.Justice does not demand that a single person be defined married for the sake of having access to the same legal and social benefits. Or that a single person in some form of ongoing sexual relationship be defined as a marriage.We could have a long and valued debate as to whether ""marriage"" should receive the social/legal benefits it does (or if it should receive more). But to me, it is silly to deconstruct the meaning of the word for the sake of correcting what we deem to be an inequality.We can go down this road, but it is the equivalent of saying there are only persons instead of being men and women. It answers a question and opens up a larger question. This is not the only route to the needed outcome."	AGAINST
1406	gayRights	So do you admitt that you don't know if I am right or wrong?	AGAINST
1407	gayRights	It was referring to the inability to conceive with one's partner through direct sexual intercourse. Read the entire argument. This was the context he set up in his premise.	FAVOR
1408	gayRights	Most of the studies have been statistical, percentage of twins where both are gay to those where one is gay. The gay gene would only be in the first group, so you have to look for a gene that is in the first group but not in the second. In those studies that actually looked for a gene the numbers were too low to be conclusive. 	FAVOR
1409	gayRights	FUCKIN' A MAN!!!! literally ;)	AGAINST
1410	gayRights	Jake So how does it hurt you personally? What you have said is a moral thing...not an actual hurt. I know plenty of people that have grow up with out a parent and it didn't hurt them a bit. Some on...try again but lets hear how it hurts on a personal level without the moral issue.	FAVOR
1411	gayRights	Legally speaking, all couples should be allowed to marry. All couples should have the legal benefits of marriage. Whether another persons religion or belief wants to call it marriage or not let that be. But for legal terms, all couples heterosexual or homosexual, should have the right to marriage.One last thought, what is so morally wrong with same sex marriage?	FAVOR
1412	gayRights	How does growing up in a family with two parents of the same sex put a child at greater risk for domestic violence and sexual abuse as this argument proposes? That would be a great example of ad hominem: you can't use your opinions of the care-takers sexual preference as a vice for whether or not they will be good parents, or sexual abuse their kids. That's really just sick.	FAVOR
1413	gayRights	KILL THEM ALL! All homos must die. You gays should just kill yourselves right now to save yourselves the pain of the holocaust you are about to endure.	AGAINST
1414	gayRights	"1. ""As for did I ever CHOOSE to go the heterosexual path , the answer is YES I DID."" Really? What age were you when you chose to be heterosexual? Is it something you struggle with daily? Do you have to remind yourself that heterosexual is the choice you've made and you're sticking with it? What motivated you to go heterosexual when there are clearly so many damn perks to being gay? 2. ""Many gay people would claim that their coming out has brought them great relief"" Duh duh duh. Of course coming out brings them relief. This has nothing to do with a perk of being gay. This is a perk of being who they are and being unashamed of it. 3. ""many gays who choose a partner of their own sex claim that there are alot of advantages, such as the feelings of love are deeper and feel more real, their desire for sex with that person rather than with someone of the opposite sex is stronger and the sex more satisfying"" Go figure. Gay people prefer same sex relationships. That's your argument here. In the same way, I'm sure you would claim the feelings of love are deeper and feel more real with someone of the opposite sex, and that your desire for sex with them is stronger and more satisfying. You've just defined what being gay is, not given a perk. 4. ""Also in certain fields of work, such as fashion design or interior design, the gay guy is usually assumed as going to be good before even showing any other credentials."" Really? Usually? Not to be a bitch, but prove it. My grandfather owned a flower shop for 20 years, and while gay men worked for him and were damn good floral designers, he NEVER hired on the basis of their sexuality. They were hired BECAUSE they were good. 5. ""And how can someone really say they are BORN gay, when boys and girls don't really even know the difference between the sexes until they are at least 2-3""Sexual identity develops at around 12, while sexual interest develops around the age of 7. What Developmental Psychology Says about Sexuality"	FAVOR
1415	gayRights	"Gay marriage would encourage lasting, stable commitments among homosexuals It is, to some extent, true that the homosexual culture suffers from a lack of commitment-making between partners. Marriage could certainly help strengthen commitment-making between homosexual partners, which would have many socially positive effects. And, after all, isn't this the main purposes behind the heterosexual institution of marriage? "	FAVOR
1416	gayRights	"The gene that controls sexuality has been found in fruit flies. A Google search for ""fruit fly gay gene"" will show you the article. We can toggle it on and off again.The proof is in twin studies and generational studies. It's probably not one gene, but that doesn't mean it's not a few recessive genes working together, or something similar. "	FAVOR
1417	gayRights	The problem with going with your ideas is...well, there are a few.Firstly, in regards to points 1, 2, and 3. If those assertions were true, the heirarchy of effective   parenting   would be, at the top, heterosexual parents. Underneath that would be same-sex parents. Underneath that would be single parents. Do you believe that single parents deserve   kids   more than same-sex couples? If so, why?In regards to point 4, that's just not true. There's no higher incidence of   homosexuality   with same-sex parents than there is with heterosexual parents.RE: Gender Identity. In studies of   children   ranging in age from 5 to 14, results of projective testing and related interview procedures have revealed that development of gender identity among children of lesbian mothers follows the expected pattern (Green, 1978; Green, Mandel, Hotvedt, Gray, & Smith, 1986; Kirkpatrick, Smith & Roy, 1981). More direct assessment techniques to assess gender identity have been used by Golombok, Spencer, & Rutter (1983) with the same result: All children in this study reported that they were happy with their gender and that they had no wish to be a member of the opposite sex. There was no evidence in any of the studies of gender identity of any difficulties among children of lesbian mothers. No data have been reported in this area for children of gay fathers.RE: Gender-Role Behavior. A number of studies have reported that gender-role behavior among children of lesbian mothers fell within typical limits for conventional sex roles (Brewaeys et al., 1997; Golombok et al., 1983; Gottman, 1990; Green, 1978; Green et al., 1986; Hoeffer, 1981; Kirkpatrick et al., 1981; Kweskin & Cook, 1982; Patterson, 1994a). For instance, Kirkpatrick and her colleagues (1981) found no differences between children of lesbian versus heterosexual mothers in toy preferences, activities, interests, or occupational choices.RE: Sexual Orientation.  A number of investigators have also studied a third component of sexual identity, sexual orientation (Bailey, Bobrow, Wolfe, & Mickach, 1995; Bozett, 1980, 1987, 1989; Gottman, 1990; Golombok & Tasker, 1996; Green, 1978; Huggins, 1989; Miller, 1979; Paul, 1986; Rees, 1979; Tasker & Golombok, 1997). In all studies, the great majority of offspring of both lesbian mothers and gay fathers described themselves as heterosexual. Taken together, the data do not suggest elevated rates of homosexuality among the offspring of lesbian or gay parents. For instance, Huggins (1989) interviewed 36 adolescents, half of whom had lesbian mothers and half of whom had heterosexual mothers. No children of lesbian mothers identified themselves as lesbian or gay, but one child of a heterosexual mother did; this difference was not statistically significant. In another study, Bailey and his colleagues (1995) studied adult sons of gay fathers and found more than 90% of the sons to be heterosexual.Golombok and Tasker (1996, 1997) studied 25 young adults reared by divorced lesbian mothers and 21 young adults reared by divorced heterosexual mothers. They reported that offspring of lesbian mothers were no more likely than those of heterosexual mothers to describe themselves as feeling attracted to same-sex sexual partners. If they were attracted in this way, however, young adults with lesbian mothers were more likely to report that they would consider entering into a same-sex sexual relationship, and they were more likely to have actually participated in such a relationship. They were not, however, more likely to identify themselves as non-heterosexual (i.e., as lesbian, gay, or bisexual). These results were based on a small sample, and they must be interpreted with caution. At the same time, the study is the first to follow children of divorced lesbian mothers into adulthood, and it offers a detailed and careful examination of important issues.And regarding point 5, that's the issue with every divorce. Homosexual marriages aren't more likely to split up than heterosexual marriages--At least, there's no evidence saying so.	FAVOR
1418	gayRights	"The U.S. was not founded on religion... in fact the first Amendment states ""Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion."" Whether you want to follow the teachings of a religion in your private life is one thing, but when you deny others rights based on the teachings of your religion you are limiting the rights of others.What if a law was passed that made it illegal to eat meat of fridays? It shouldn't matter if a religious group is the majority, they still shouldn't be allowed to force their beliefs on others. The majority of the people in this nation are also white, but does that give white people the right to take away the rights of minority groups? Of course not.The reason our nation is not a full democracy is to ensure that the majority are not allowed to take advantage of the minority. We have checks and balances to stop the tyranny of the majority.Why though do you consider homosexuality wrong, and not the other things I mentioned? Do you ever eat shellfish or pork? Do you shave? Have you ever touched a woman while she was on her period?To make laws on religion is foolish. Our nation is not a theocracy. Do what you want in your personal life but don't force me to follow to your rules."	FAVOR
1419	gayRights	>>17 yo boy being thrown from a train because he refused to be rapedFirst of all, being gay is neither a mental disorder (since DSM-III) nor correlated with rape  (or pedophilia for that matter - the majority of pedophiles are straight).>>ItÃ•s become a hammer to force the acceptance and normalization of   homosexuality   on everyone.This comment pinpoints the crucial importance of the entire discussion of 'nature/nurture/choice'.   If being queer is perceived to be a mental disorder OR something the gay person 'chooses' to be, or could go to therapy to change, then it would be socially acceptable to stigmatize, punish, and generally discriminate against gay people.    If being queer is innate (just like being left handed), then it doesn't make sense to punish or discriminate against gay people any more than it does to discriminate against left handed people, or ANY minority group (and everyone is a member of some minority group or the other).Why is it so hard for Hope7 to accept as normal anyone who is different from themselves?   I have always been mystified by the extreme emotion, even violence, engendered in certain people against homosexuals.   It is what we call 'out of proportion'.   I am not offended by heterosexual people, even when I see them kiss on screen, or in R-rated movies make out.   I don't even get squeamish when I see them hold hands.   Do heterosexuals have more fragile sexual identities that cannot tolerate differences?Live and let live is the only way to get along in a world with too much hatred and bigotry.	FAVOR
1420	gayRights	It hurts families, the more gay marriage the less families there will be, children need a mother and a father to look up to.	AGAINST
1421	gayRights	"Hi, Visavismeyou, I was heterosexually married for 19 years and went through adulation, disillusionment and acceptance into love. (My wife died so I cannot testify as to my ability to have a longer term relationship.) Whist studying therapy and working with individuals and couples I realised, as I did with my own relationship, that many do not realise that disillusionment is just a phase to be worked through.  My experience, as a therapist, caused me to start helping clients overcome the disillusionment stage. I have had some successes and failures, as might be expected.  Such people may feel pathetic but amount to as much as 50% of people in relationships.  This is a conservative estimate, as the number of divorces or unhappy marriages will testify      People who are ""gay"" or ""homosexual"", as used to be the label, often think they are wrong, unnatural or weird. Thus they start off their relationships doubting their abilities to love or the rightness of their choice. These doubts   add   to the 50% chances of failure and may give rise to lack of lasting relationships between persons of the same sex, compared to heterosexual ones. My argument, in the earlier section, is that the choice to be gay or not is one that is felt.  Even if the person thinks it it wrong their feelings have more influence on their behaviour than their thoughts, including judgments.   After all, it is considered quite normal for a man or woman to have strong attractions to each other.  Circumstances and common sense may stop them but their urges are there and an appropriate relationship will allow them to meet the right person and go through the mature processing of adulation, disillusionment, acceptance and love. Where an attracted couple are of the same sex they invariably take account of more internal and external judgments than heterosexual couples, as well as going through the mature processing of adulation, disillusionment, acceptance and love.  In conclusion, the decision to feel ""gay"" or heterosexual is not one to be mitigated by   legal  , moral or persuasive argument.  Or, to put it more crudely, I could not be persuaded to be sexually aroused by a male body on pain of death and my pretences would not deceive a male partner.                 "	FAVOR
1422	gayRights	hahahahahahahahahaha I laughed so hard when I read that just now.	FAVOR
1423	gayRights	" Many faith groups welcome gay marriage. The Pagan religion Wicca, for example, has ""hand-fasting"" which is equivalent to a wedding, and which does not exclude homosexuals. There are other examples of religions that accept homosexual marriage. Therefore, we need to look at everyone and not just one religion. "	FAVOR
1424	gayRights	"WARNING: Incoming facts.""The analogy doesn't work because you could have dirty run down water fountains reserved strictly for one group and the nice clean ones for another group.""Here you claim that segregation is unconstitutional because facilities were of a lesser quality for blacks. Your implication is that were facilities absolutely equal in all respects, this would be legal. Therefore you say that since marriage and civil unions afford the same rights (which they don't even come close to doing which I have told you before, but which is irrelevant to the point) that this is also legal. Unfortunately for you your US history seems to be a bit rusty. The doctrine of separate but equal, was established in the Supreme Court case Plessy v. Ferguson. The Supreme Court ruled that segregation was constitutional. Now in 1954 the Supreme Court made a new decision on segregation in the case Brown v. Board of Education. The constitutional basis of the case was the equal protection clause of the fourteenth amendment. The Supreme Court decided that the quality of the black and white schools does not change the fact that separate is inherently not equal. A few quotes from the decision:""Segregation of white and Negro children in the public schools of a State solely on the basis of race, pursuant to state laws permitting or requiring such segregation, denies to Negro children the equal protection of the laws guaranteed by the Fourteenth Amendment -- even though the physical facilities and other ""tangible"" factors of white and Negro schools may be equal.""""Here, unlike Sweatt v. Painter, there are findings below that the Negro and white schools involved have been equalized, or are being equalized, with respect to buildings, curricula, qualifications and salaries of teachers, and other ""tangible"" factors.""""To separate them from others of similar age and qualifications solely because of their race generates a feeling of inferiority as to their status in the community that may affect their hearts and minds in a way unlikely ever to be undone.""So as you can see segregation would be unconstitutional regardless of the relative qualities of the things being segregated. Therefore my analogy works perfectly. Even if civil unions and marriages granted the exact same rights, which they don't, making gays get a different form of marriage ""generates a feeling of inferiority as to their status in the community that may affect their hearts and minds in a way unlikely ever to be undone."" Consequently it is unconstitutional under the equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment for homosexual unions to be given a different moniker.And if I had my druthers I would prefer states only issue civil unions to all couples and no marriage licenses because marriage has religious connotations. But barring that gays must be allowed to get married as well.""(I know this is difficult for you to grasp but) since we have separation of church and state, the supreme court doesn't have a say in what word churches use.""I never made this assertion or an assertion with this as a logical conclusion. Enjoy your red herring. It tastes too fishy for me."	FAVOR
1425	gayRights	of a guy who chooses MuffMonster as a screen name is somewhat questionable, but I'll table that for now.You're saying that heterosexuality needs to be taught? You were taught to be heterosexual?Actually,   homosexuality   has been around for pretty much ever. Plato taught it as the superior form of love. It's been a human norm for most of human history, and only became taboo in the last few centuries. Homosexuality appears in   animals  . It's a naturally occuring, biologically-caused event, just like heterosexuality.	FAVOR
1426	gayRights	 You should take them literally, because that's how it used to be back then, now those laws don't apply because of Jesus' death on the cross . Leviticus 20:10 and Exodus 22:3 talks about laws from the old testament. Because of Jesus' death on the cross, we can say that these laws don't have an effect on us. 	AGAINST
1427	gayRights	But then what happens if there is a family with a mother and a father, but, say, they get divorced, or a parent dies, or something, and then there is only one parent? Is the child going to come out of childhood 'messed up,' or different, like you say would happen? There are plenty of examples of successful, well-rounded adults coming out of homes of all types, ones with only a father, many with only a mother, so I don't see the difference, in your example, if there is a single parent or two parents of the same gender.	FAVOR
1428	gayRights	And that's why we live in a secular society that bases it's laws off of rationality and not religion.	FAVOR
1429	gayRights	I don't know whether God exists or not. I think that question is impossible to answer because I think it is impossible for us to know anything about the stuff outside of our own universe.Because it is impossible know anything about the initial forces that created the universe, it makes no sense to say that God was that force. And even if we do assume that God created the universe, it makes no sense to jump from there to saying Christianity is right and all other religions are wrong.This isn't just some personal belief. This is the only rational conclusion.	FAVOR
1430	gayRights	I found your response to be humble and genuine. You did not come off arrogant or bigotted. YOu have a right to express your opinion as well as anyone else. Awesome!	AGAINST
1431	gayRights	No one is redefining the definition of marriage.  Marriage means quite literally the joining of entities - be it buisnesses, ideas, people, elements...etc.  But for the sake of things changing... here are some words that have changed: Commit:  to come together - but now it also means a number of other things.Luxury: originally meant Ã”lasciviousnessÃ• or Ã”lustCookie: both means   food   and now has tech meaning as wellMouse: animal and techScroll: ancient piece of paper... and how one moves down the screenUndertaker: old meaning entrepreneur, now entrepreneur means small business ownerInspire: to breath life into - now also means to elicit, to move to action etc.Nice: use to mean 'not to know', but now it means something well... nice. :)  good.Bundle of sticks - in the old english - now is a derogatory wordGay: meant happy or merry - so quite litterally when when everyone was happy - it meant everyone was gay. Obviously the meaning has changed.  But in the case of marriage - it is not changing, at least not in the true sense of change as noted above. It still means to come together, to bind, to join, to create a union... etc.  All citizens should have the right to choose their life partner, marry them, and enjoy the benefits of doing so.  	FAVOR
1432	gayRights	"I'm not sure what you mean by ""Authors like CS Lewis in ""Mere Christianity"" have argued how there is a moral law that trascends religions"".  To me religious moral laws already inappropriately ""transcend"" the secular human realm.  I haven't read the book you mention, but what can possibly transcend the law of god as interpreted by those charged to do so?  In any case, my major concern is that the source of religious moral laws (in this case, the law against homosexuality) is god and not man.  Proper moral law must be based on the nature of humans, not on the nature of god.  ""Do what god says"" is not a moral law, because it does not ask what behaviors are good or bad for people AS people.  It simplistically says that being good consists of obeying the rules (as defined by the bible).  By this improper ""moral law"" homosexuality is a sin because, as I said, it violates the arbitrary law set down in a dusty old book.  In contrast ""Live and let live"" (for example) IS a proper moral law because it respects the nature of humans as individual moral beings with independent minds who live and relate to one another through mutual recognition, respect, and consent.  By this proper moral law homosexuality is NOT a ""sin"" because it does not violate the rights or fundamental humanity of anyone else.  You also say the ""...bible has to be analised literally, symbolically and historically"".  This is a contradiction.  It can be taken literally or NOT literally.  It either IS the literal word of god, or its open to interpretation.  If it IS the literal word of god, then you cannot re-interpret any part of it to your liking.  And if its NOT the literal word of god, then it is not the authoritative law for human behavior or anything else, for that matter.  It is hypocrisy to take parts of the bible literally while ""interpreting"" other parts.  And once you ""interpret"" it, either symbolically or historically or in any other way, you have put your judgement (or the judgement of other humans) above the word of god.  "	FAVOR
1433	gayRights	"This is not an argument against gay marriage, this is an argument for ""traditional"" families who are dropping the ball to step up.  If you really believe that children do best with married biological parents in a low-conflict marriage, why aren't you encouraging that?  Why not ban divorce, make fighting illegal, or forbid adoption?  All of those things are more of a threat to the ideal child-rearing environment you propose than gay marriage.  How exactly does two guys getting married stop you from providing your ideal environment to your children?  It shouldn't. On the other hand, I noticed that you argued that the purpose of marriage is to have children, and no other purpose should be allowed.  The vast array of legal benefits to marriage are completely irrelevant in your mind, right?  Fine, if the sole purpose of marriage is for the children, you will have no objection to immediately stripping all legal rights granted to spouses.  You said yourself, the purpose of marriage is not to grant rights.  It also seems that those who will not or cannot have children, like me, should not be allowed to marry even if they are heterosexual.  This is the logical end point of your argument, are you sure this is really what you're proposing?  I have a problem with that, and I'm sure I'm not alone."	FAVOR
1434	gayRights	Stereotypes are statistics. You wanna ignore stereotypes, then go ahead and ignore statistics too.	FAVOR
1435	gayRights	"all scripture is god breathed(1tim)but scripture never said homosexuality was a sin.under the old covenant not all prohibitions of themselves were sins. num 15:32 While the Israelites were in the desert, a man was found gathering wood on the Sabbath day. 33 Those who found him gathering wood brought him to Moses and Aaron and the whole assembly, 34 and they kept him in custody, because it was not clear what should be done to him. 35 Then the LORD said to Moses, ""The man must die. The whole assembly must stone him outside the camp."" 36 So the assembly took him outside the camp and stoned him to death, as the LORD commanded Moses.doing household chores is not a sin. the essence doing household chores on the sabbath is not sin. yet under the old covenant because god made a prohibition about it it became a sin.hebrews 8: 7For if there had been nothing wrong with that first covenant, no place would have been sought for another. 8But God found fault with the people and said[b]:    ""The time is coming, declares the Lord,       when I will make a new covenant    with the house of Israel       and with the house of Judah.  9It will not be like the covenant       I made with their forefathers    when I took them by the hand       to lead them out of Egypt,    because they did not remain faithful to my covenant,       and I turned away from them, declares the Lord.  10This is the covenant I will make with the house of Israel       after that time, declares the Lord.    I will put my laws in their minds       and write them on their hearts.    I will be their God,       and they will be my people.  11No longer will a man teach his neighbor,       or a man his brother, saying, 'Know the Lord,'    because they will all know me,       from the least of them to the greatest.  12For I will forgive their wickedness       and will remember their sins no more.""[c]  13By calling this covenant ""new,"" he has made the first one obsolete; and what is obsolete and aging will soon disappear."	FAVOR
1436	gayRights	"(I'm going to have to split this response into a series of posts, since you have brought up so many issues. Please pardon any inconvenience, but I want to be sure I address all of your points)Apparently my answer was not clear, since you have drawn so many incorrect conclusions from it.  Let me take them one by one:MARTIN: ""I see you marked YES to the question of whether or not people are born gay. But the presence of a spectrum at all necessitates the idea of choice (as you put it, ""for some"").""MY RESPONSE: Yes.  I believe people are born with the sexual orientation which they carry through life.  Some people are born exclusively (or nearly so) gay.  They are rarely if ever attracted to the opposite gender, and would be incapable of sustaining a meaningful and satisfying intimate relationship with a person of the opposite gender.  They may or may not be capable of completing a sexual act with someone of the opposite gender, but regardless of that ability or inability, could not have a satisfying marriage or long-term commitment to someone of the opposite gender.There are people who are similarly exclusive in their attractions to the opposite gender, and who would be incapable of sustaining a satisfying and fulfilling committed, long-term marital relationship with someone of their own gender, even if some of them could complete a sexual act with someone of their own gender.Then there are those who fall somewhere else along the spectrum, perhaps 50% attracted to their own gender and 50% to the opposite, or 75% to their own, and 25% to the opposite, or vice versa.  Such people might find a satisfying and sexually and emotionally fulfilling relationship with a person of either gender.My guess would be that the majority fall fairly close to the 90-100% ""straight"" end of the spectrum, with an increasingly sparse scatter towards the middle and ""gay"" end.The point, however, is that wherever they are on the spectrum, that is where they were born and that is where they will die.  Those who fall closest to the 50% mark at the middle of the spectrum experience their sexual orientation as a ""choice.""  This does not mean that they ""chose"" to be bisexual.  Their orientation is as it is.  Their choice comes from the fact that they experience attractions to both genders relatively equally, and have a choice to be equally satisfied with a ""gay"" or a ""straight"" relationship.There is nothing in my earlier post which contradicts this view.MARTIN: ""This is a question that necessitates something like a ""gay gene"" analogous to those who are born with male-pattern baldness or something like that. Studies confirm that men are born with the genetic code for male-pattern baldness. I have yet to see any conclusive study on this same type of thing for homosexuality. And yet I continue to hear about it over and over again . . . getting a little boring I think. ""I also find that the idea of bisexuality seems to contradict a ""gay gene."" It seems to me that the idea of being born a certain way means you either have it or you don't. Do you follow my logic? So, if someone has the gene, they are gay. If they do not, they are straight. But this is not the case at all. If a male child is born with ""male-pattern baldness,"" there is nothing he can do about it short of taking treatments or wearing a hairpiece or getting plugs. What you are saying is that there is a genetic make-up that means that certain people are 100% gay and certain people are 100% straight. This is not what Kinsey found and this is not supported by any studies that I know of. In Sexual Behavior and the Human Male, Alfred Kinsey wrote this: Ã’Males do not represent two discrete populations, heterosexual and homosexual. The world is not to be divided into sheep and goatsÃ‰The living world is a continuum in each and every one of its aspects."" I agree with him and yet in the Western world we remain obsessed with categories."""	FAVOR
1437	gayRights	The Equal Rights Amendment was ratified July 28, 1868.	FAVOR
1438	gayRights	    +article+News.Local+20090806160618053053003You might have to copy and paste the aricle in the search section. If not its a bout a therapist who raped little boys in Louisville , Kentucky.	AGAINST
1439	gayRights	"I object to the assumption that the purpose of marriage is for procreaion.  Were this the case we would prohibit couples where either the man or the woman were sterile, couples who had progressed past the child-bearing age, or couples who did not intend to have children with the same legal strictures that we place on gay couples.Accepting same-sex couples marrying is not the same as relatives marrying, nor is it the same as multiple marriage, or ""marriage"" to an animal.  Each of these are very seperate and distinct arguements.The legal basis for marriage exists to ensure the rights that the states and federal government provide such as visitation in hospitals, tax incentives, etc.  Should there be an objection on a religious basis this is for each church, synagogue, mosque, etc to determine on their own what they choose to do, from their own religious standpoint.  The seperation clause should keep that decision out of a legal framework."	FAVOR
1440	gayRights	"""The church has been clear for thousands of years that homosexuality is a sin."" This may be the case, but the ""clarification"" has been gleaned from a few snippets throughout the bible and strung together to make a mountain out of what may never have even been a molehill. My fervent wish is that the churches of today give as little time to the whole morality - or lack thereof - of homosexuality as the Bible itself does. They happily do this for many other rules and sins in the bible that are quietly sidelined as no longer relevant to today - for example, women as chattels of men, the nationality of slaves, the correct ways of killing various animals, etc. Yet they fixate on gays and lesbians - who really just wish to be left alone.I am a gay man in Sydney, Australia, in a committed homosexual relationship that brings me the most amazing love, joy and fulfillment. I have the blessing of my whole family - because they see how happy I am with my partner, who is a beautiful, loving and faithful man. I have never used drugs and my many days of charity work extend to all parts of my community, not just HIV/AIDS. I try to give to society as much as I've received from it. I have many friends of all kinds and ages - including my wonderful parents - and my life is rich and free. I refuse to believe that any god would not wish this for all people. Everyone, regardless of their sexuality, should be able to live like this. The bible, the koran, or any other religious tome that is no more than the word of men, should not be used to clobber the rights of those who find the interference of religious obsessives totally inexplicable."	FAVOR
1441	gayRights	"It's not possible to ""turn gay"". Being gay is something you're born with. It's not a choice."	FAVOR
1442	gayRights	As I have grown up I have seen the lustful behaviors and sexually driven relationships. I see this as a sin because it not only does a disservice to those involved but it is against what we were naturally created for, a man and a woman. If this were not a sin there would have been two guys in the beginning or two women for that matter. Since men and women were created for the purpose of completing each other as well as to reproduce it is easy to say that a homosexual relationship is sinful. That is what is taught however for Christian homosexuals such as myself it causes a major debate. God says no to this but every sin is forgiven if a person strives for a personal relationship with Christ.Therefore I believe it is a sin but nothing greater or less than any other sin such as murder, lying, betrayal, hatred, etc.	AGAINST
1443	gayRights	Yes you can, atheism isn't a religion, it's the rejection of religion.	FAVOR
1444	gayRights	I have the right to change someone's life completelywhy?you want to feel that you have more poweryou want to feel like you're above themimagine u accept thisNo	AGAINST
1445	gayRights	"Of course, preference for homosexual relationships has a genetic origin just as any other sort of sexual behavior, however, genetic predisposition for certain behaviors does not imply one will or ought to act on that predisposition. Genetics simply sets the parameters of a life, it does not dictate which choices one will make in behavior within those parameters. Genetics establishes the available choices. It is up to you to actually make the choice. There is no doubt, although a heterosexual prefers the opposite gender as a sexual partner, they are at least capable of choosing differently. Homosexuality, bisexuality or asexuality are options open to them. All that limits their choices is their thinking and emotions and, of course context. So too the homosexual or the asexual. Although the homosexual prefers the same sex or the asexual no sex at all, the first can conceivably choose sexual relations with a different gender given a different frame of mind and a different context and the asexual could conceivably choose to have sex given those same conditions. Genetics originates the preference and specific available choices but it does not dictate the specific behaviors within one's power to choose among alternatives. No one is necessarily  constrained by preference unless they choose to be which, if you think about it, isn't constraint at all. Genetically-rooted preference for sex with the same gender or the opposite gender or something else entirely isn't a collar around anyone's neck, however, the genetic need to consume fuel and fluid and air to continue living is a leg iron locked to us all.None of this is to say, as many critics of homosexuality, asexuality, bisexuality or any other type of sexual behavior OTHER than heterosexuality are want to do, that because one CAN choose a heterosexual lifestyle that one MUST choose it. That a predisposition toward homosexuality still allows freedom to choose a different lifestyle isn't criticism against homosexuality any more than freedom of choice in one's heterosexuality is criticism of that lifestyle. Heterosexuals can choose homosexual or bisexual or asexual behavior even if they usually don't and believe they never will. One cannot claim the ability to predict all future choices given the truth that no one can predict all the future contexts in which one will find oneself. No, that one can choose which preferences one expresses through behavior isn't automatic criticism of any particular choice in the set of alternatives.Many among critics of homosexuality claim the lifestyle to be ""unnatural"" which is nonsensical because, by definition, anything one can do is necessarily natural. One cannot do something that is ""outside of nature"" because there is no ""outside"". All that we have done, do or will do is natural and cannot be otherwise. Second, these persons also point out that homosexuality is non-reproductive and therefore a threat to the survival of the species. This could only be true if ""survival of the species"" were a duty on the head of every individual. It clearly is not. ""Species"" is an abstract concept. It is not something that exists in and of itself. It is merely a way of speaking of all human individuals as a set. That there IS a human species in no way implies there MUST be a human species and therefore each individual human being has the duty to reproduce. Reproduction and the reason why one chooses to reproduce are always individual and relative to one's own life. There is no inescapable necessity to make children. Certainly, if the human species comes to an end it would be a tragedy for human beings but we can be quite satisfied nature and life on Earth will continue with or without human beings. Human beings are certainly an element of nature but cannot claim to be an essential element of nature. Sexual behavior CAN be reproductive but there is no implication it MUST be reproductive and certainly no implication it must ALWAYS be reproductive. Even most heterosexuals enjoy non-reproductive sex. All in all, if all human sexual behavior were necessarily reproductive, the Earth would swiftly become overrun by human beings OR human beings would severely limit their sexual behavior to limit the creation of more like them for practical reasons - not religious ones. Of course, there is much reason to insist that human beings restrict reproduction for practical reasons already. In light of those quite obvious practical concerns, one would expect human cultures to embrace non-reproductive and non-heterosexual sex rather than continually criticizing them. But, perhaps, the criticism of non-reproductive sex is merely the noise of the squeakiest wheels on the cart rather than the opinion of the majority."	FAVOR
1446	gayRights	"No, we do NOT know that ""people can...change from one to the other.""  What we know is that there is some percentage of the population which is innately bisexual, and may fall in love with or be attracted to members of his or her own gender as well as the opposite.  Such people could correctly be described as having a ""choice.""  However, they do not make up the sum total of the population.  There are significant percentages on either end who are either exclusively (or nearly so) attracted to members of the opposite gender, or exclusively (or nearly so) attracted to members of their own gender.As to a gene, or more likely a SET of genes, which give evolutionary advantage to those who carry some or all of them, the hypothesis, however difficult it might be to prove, is a good one, as we have any number of examples of such genetic characteristics in the data already, including the sickle cell example I gave earlier.  Can I prove the hypothesis?  Of course not.  Not yet, anyway.  Geneticists are finding new information about the human genome every day.  The probability that a genetic link will be found is strong.  And considering the abilities, behaviors and talents which can be readily identified in a significant percentage of the gay population, it is highly likely that there is a significant evolutionary advantage conferred by that set of genes, whether it be in creative abilities, or in more prosaic areas such as enhanced abilities to form the family and group bonds which were the basis of individual safety and strong social networks in the early history of human civilization.  For an example of this type of genetic advantage resulting from genetic ability to interact sexually with members of either gender, study Bonobo social bonding and conflict resolution strategies."	FAVOR
1447	gayRights	"I agree with SidAirfoil, that the bible is filled with immoral acts that are no longer considered immoral. They were made by man and they have been changed by man. But the passages of the Bible that deserve the most question include Genesis itself, within the chapter on Sodom and Gomorrah. When two male angels come to Lot's house the night before God is to destroy Sodom and Gomorrah, Lot protects them from the (homosexual male) crowd by what moral act? By offering up his two virgin daughters so that the crowd will leave his honored guests alone. And if that were not enough morality with which we would ALL DISAGREE, and see as reprehensible child abandonment or worse...the chapter ends with both of Lot's daughters getting him drunk so they can have incestuous sex with him.So our source of morality has homosexuality as sinful, but child endangerment as virtuous, and incest as perfectly okay.The Bible is a very weak source of morality. What else do you have to show that homosexuality is ""immoral?"" What harm is it to ""moral""people, if otherwise moral homosexuals do their own thing in private?"	FAVOR
1448	gayRights	"There is nothing in the Constitution that protects or establishes ""Gay Marriage.  For further proof of this, was it   legal   at the time for two men or two women to marry?  No!I believe that Marriage should remain defined between a man and a woman, like it has for thousands of years.  For those to enjoy the fruits of their Constitutional right, then legalize Civil Unions with the benefits of being a couple, excluding any rights to have   children   unless they were obtained by natural methods.Marriage defines the role two people take, Civil Unions also define the role two same genders make."	AGAINST
1449	gayRights	"Though I personally think that Exodus is a seriously misguided organization, I'd have to disagree. Buchannan is the director of the largest organization in the United States dedicated to helping gay persons achieve ""freedom from homosexuality,"" and he has self-professed experience as someone who has ""struggled with homosexual feelings."" Just read the Exodus profile here or visit their site. On a related note, the very idea that anyone can achieve ""freedom from homosexuality"" is not only sadly misguided, but very wrongly implies that homosexuality is something that should be broken free of. Of course, considering the serious legal and societal discriminations against gays, it's no wonder some people try to avoid being labeled gay at all costs.   "	FAVOR
1450	gayRights	"I agree totally with everything you've said.  Of course, I'm an old gay man who's buried the three loves of his life with no legal standing to protect my interests and families who turned up after the bills were paid to sue in court to throw out my loved ones' wills.  I lost, sad to say.One thing I would like to add is this.  My home dictionary is a 1996 edition of Websters.  ""Marriage"" is defined in it as ""10 the state of being married; wedlock. 2) the act of marrying or the state of being married. 3) close union  .""  The word ""Marry"" is defined as: 1)to take as a husband or wife. 2) to unite in matrimony.  3) to become closely united.""  Since ""husband"" is not gender specific, nor, in English, is ""wife"", the claim that the definition is being changed is poppycock -- just like almost every pro-Prop 8 claim we've heard."	FAVOR
1451	gayRights	"Marriage, in and of itself, was created for multiple reasons, but one of the main ones is because it provides the most stable environment to raise children in.  Denying this goes against 4000 years or more of human wisdom and history, although it is vogue to deny it.Allowing gay and lesbian couples to marry will inherently force society to accept that relationship as the same as a traditional marriage, and therefore force upon adoption agencies and sperm banks, etc, giving such relationships equal weight to traditional couples.  It is this ""sameness"" that is unacceptable and irresponsible, because it forces on society the unscientific and wrong idea (though politically correct) that two moms or two dads is just as good as a mom and a dad.Yes, in the real world, situations are different.  I'd much rather a same sex couple care for a child than a single parent, or a single parent instead of no parent.  Obviously, this is not an either/or.  In the end, though, same-sex marriage being elevated to being the same as traditional marriage denies the differences between men and women and furthermore removes the ability for society to prefer a traditional couple as the best way to raise a child which it is. I realize you probably will never agree, but I encourage you to at least acknowledge and attempt to understand the premises which I am laying out."	AGAINST
1452	gayRights	"hi darlin im not gay either but you know you really ought to come to our next mardi gras...but if you do, dont be a little poof about it ,we will reserve a little spot just for you on the ""rednecks prefer there momma"" float.or is it your sisaunt this week..... make sure you wear your guns loud and clear, we dont want to waste time looking for them when it comes to the sthpectactular finally of ramning them up your bullridden assthes....i hate you and you need to grow up.....btw After finding out about the male g spot and where it is supposedly located are you still haveing trouble finding yours and this is why your all cut up with gay hate. have a Gay DAy:) oh my mate BEN DOVER says to say hello.and can he have your number."	FAVOR
1453	gayRights	"Gays in the military would be costly in recruiting/retention. Argued in the section on talent, recruiting, and retention, there is good evidence that there are many members of the military as well as prospective recruits that oppose gays in the military, and who may leave the military or avoid enlisting if gays are allowed to serve openly. This would be very costly in dollar-terms to the military. And, while some homosexuals may be lost via a ban on homosexuals, and while this may be costly, it can easily be argued that this is more than outweighed by the costs of losing opponents to gays in the military. "	AGAINST
1454	gayRights	I'm a little confused by your screen name.  Tell me, what socialist country allows same sex marriages?  And don't say Canada, because it's not a Socialist country.	FAVOR
1455	gayRights	Yes,they should have the rights to marry.....................afterall they are to humans not animals to be denied any rights.......	FAVOR
1456	gayRights	" Children do better with mother and father role models - Children benefit from a balance of male and female, differentiated role models. The unique characteristics of men and women are important to impart on children. Same-sex marriage fundamentally undermines this balanced approach to child-rearing."	AGAINST
1457	gayRights	"Unhealthy homosexuality undermines military readiness Robert Maginnis. ""Gays in the Military Debate"". Human Events. October 4, 2007 - ""The other component of combat effectiveness is readiness, medical and personnel. In 1993, the ArmyÃ•s surgeon general conceded that the homosexual lifestyle is unhealthy. A Navy study has found that HIV infections within the force have declined since passage of the 1993 ban. This has likely saved the taxpayer medical costs. It is significant that HIV positive service members, although retained in the military, may not be deployed overseas or on ships."""	AGAINST
1458	gayRights	No offense taken, I rather enjoy a good debate. I see where I've been butting my head the whole time. I've been trying to comprehend/grasp the concept, logically, of the homosexual being inescapably self-centered. Please explain. I understand the logic of your explanation on the topic of the negative conclusion. Burden of proof: I must understand your logic prior to being able to bring up this in a logical manner. Please forgive me for having you reiterate your main point but I must understand it.	FAVOR
1459	gayRights	"I've read all the arguments and Focus on the Family had 1 excellent point.  ""the more precise question is Ã’disadvantaged compared to what?Ã“.  After they say that they go on and on about how great it is when   kids   are raised by their married biological mom and dad.  You know what, they may be right about that.  On average (certainly not in every case but on average) kids are probably better off being raised by their married biological parents (BTW, those married biological parents could be gay).  Thing is, that's not an option for these kids.  Their biological parents can't, or won't, raise them anymore.  Kids that are up for   adoption   aren't being pulled out of the homes of perfectly good married heterosexual parents.  Kids that are up for adoption are in orphanages, or bouncing around from one foster home to another.  I think we can all agree that's not an ideal way for a kid to grow up.  So the real question isn't whether having straight parents is better than having gay parents.  The question is, is it better to bounce from foster home to foster home, never living with the same parents for more than a few years, never setting down roots and making long term family or friend connections, or, is it better for a child to be raised by a loving gay couple who want to love them, and take care of them throughout their childhood.  Personally I think it's obviously better to be raised by loving gay parents but you can all make your own decision.  The important thing is that you make that decision based on the facts, not some scare tactics FOTF is throwing out.  The choice isn't married straight parents or gays.  The choice is orphanage/foster care or gays.  Which do you think is better?"	FAVOR
1460	gayRights	"Then what does ""Whisperers do not inherit the kingdom of heaven mean""?"	AGAINST
1461	gayRights	NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It is against what God wants.	AGAINST
1462	gayRights	" Some married homosexual women actually do have babies In this procedure, one woman's egg is implanted into the other woman's body and then fertilize with an unknown donor's sperm. After the baby is born, instead of the father's name being used, the other spouse's names can be stated. "	FAVOR
1463	gayRights	"Genes Haven't been ""proven"" and won't be until the exact gene is found. None of this matters though as it's involuntary no matter how you slice it."	FAVOR
1464	gayRights	"""Also, ""eunuch"" means a guy with out testicles or testicles that do not function properly.""Again, you're simply incorrect. Many anti-gay Christian scholars disagree with you. And I notice you simply give your uninformed opinion with no facts to support what you say.Dr. Robert Gagnon, the most prolific anti-gay evangelical Christian scholar alive today, commenting on Matthew 19:3-12, admits on his website that:""Probably ""born eunuchs"" in the ancient world did include people homosexually inclined, which incidentally puts to the lie the oft-repeated claim that the ancient world could not even conceive of persons that were congenitally influenced toward exclusive same-sex attractions."" - Dr. Robert A.J. GagnonThe Babylonian Talmud was very clear in pointing out that eunuchs were not necessarily without testicles.    According to the Talmud, a saris/eunuch could produce semen. Therefore he had functioning testicles.""Ã’R. Joseph said: It must have been such a saris [eunuch] 6 of whom I heard Ammi saying. 'He who is afflicted from birth...Ã• Our Rabbis taught: Who is a congenital saris [a born eunuch]? 13 Any person who is twenty years of age and has not produced two pubic hairs. 14 And even if he produced them afterwards he is deemed to be a saris [born eunuch] in all respects. And these are his characteristics: He has no beard, his hair is lank, and his skin is smooth. R. Simeon b. Gamaliel said in the name of R. Judah b. Jair: 15 Any person whose urine produces no froth; some say: He who urinates without forming an arch; some say: He whose semen is watery; and some say: He whose urine does not ferment. Others say: He whose body does not steam after bathing in the winter season. R. Simeon b. Eleazar said: 15 He whose voice is abnormal so that one cannot distinguish whether it is that of a man or of a woman. "" - Babylonian Talmud, Tractate Yebamoth, 80    #PARTbAncient Roman Law also taught that a eunuch was not necessarily diseased or lacking testicles.     Ã’The name of eunuch is a general one; under it come [1] those who are eunuchs by nature [born eunuchs], [2] those who are made eunuchs [by castration or crushing], and [3] any other kind of eunuchs [those who voluntarily abstain from marriage].Ã“    The Digest of Justinian, Vol. IV, University of Pennsylvania Press, Philadelphia, 1985, p. 944.    Rick Brentlinger    "	FAVOR
1465	gayRights	1) MY family doesn't eat meat on Fridays. Hmm.2) I still can't think of a good argument against that. Hmm.3) Socialist is my cousin. Her name is Shiloh Michels. Her political views revolt me and I've just realized that theoretically there is no way to prove anything I just said. Hmm.	AGAINST
1466	gayRights	"hey rick,my bad for the long wait.  i've had some pressing 'youth ministry' issues that i needed to attend to.  anyways, let's carry on this conversation.in regards to your question about sodom ... just because the word ""homosexual"" doesn't always accompany the passages about sodom's sin, doesn't mean that it wasn't apart of sodom's downfall.  notice that i say 'apart'.  i agree with you that homosexuality wasn't the only sin that brought destruction upon the city, but it definately played its role.  i read your comments about how JESUS never said anything about homosexuality and sodom, so therefore the sin of sodom had nothing to do with homosexuality.  i totally disagree with you.  i think that the homosexual sin was well known to people, so HE didn't have to explain it.  when people spoke of sodom, they connected the sin of homosexuality to it.  i can see JESUS talking about the other sins within the town more so because these sins were often overlooked, as 'petty issues' so to say, just as they still are in most american churches today.jude 1:7 connects sodom with 'sexual immorality' - which includes homosexual relationships: In a similar way, Sodom and Gomorrah and the surrounding towns gave themselves up to sexual immorality and perversion. They serve as an example of those who suffer the punishment of eternal fire.  (      )here's a question i have with your argument.  knowing that several other towns/cities were rude and had horrible towards GOD'S messengers, why didn't GOD also destroy those places as well?  you state in your article that, ""The sin of Sodom, according to Jesus, was inhospitality to GodÃ•s messengers.""  but if this is true, then why didn't GOD destroy Jerusalem because the Jews rejected the messages of the disciples.  why didn't GOD destroy every other place that rejected HIS messengers?in speaking about the passages of scripture used to call homosexuality as sin - especially Leviticus - all i can say is that GOD'S word is GOD'S word.  the natural order GOD set up in the beginning was male and female, and the charge for them was to produce offspring.  i do believe that those verses of homosexuality do condemn it mostly because it went totally against the created order GOD established over us.  regardless if it's pagan worship or committed same-sex relationships, is still against what GOD set into place.in addition to this, there are several other times when GOD talks about things being an abomination (toevah) that are not connected to idol worship, such as Proverbs 6:16-19.  as joe dallas notes in his book a strong delusion, ""the prohibitions against homosexuality in Leviticus appear alongside other sexual sins ... which are forbidden in both [testaments] ... [these references] show GOD'S displeasure with them whether or not any ceremony or idolatry is involved"" (193).  he also makes another point stating that if these other practices only pertained to idol worship, then child sacrifice, adultery, incest, and the like would all be permissible as long as it was done apart form idol worship.  rick, that's exactly what you're suggesting as well.  outside of 'idol worship' is incest a sin?  what about adultery?  child sacrifice?again, you mention about david and jonathan and their 'same-sex' relationship.  i think we beat that issue over the head enough times.  if both men were gay, explain the wives they had - was their 'gayness' like a light switch?  it doesn't make sense.you stated:  For the other 5%, exclusive, same sex marriage partnerships between two men or two women were NOT the norm in Biblical times.well if this is correct, my question is why wasn't it the norm back then?  if there was nothing wrong with homosexuality, even back in the day, why wasn't it a norm just like every other couple in a committed relationship?  i think it wasn't the norm because everyone knew it was a sin!  yeah, JESUS never spoke about it, so the 'silence argument' can be used, but then again i can use the same argument - JESUS never accepted the lifestyle either.  never!**************************************************************************you asked me why i have a deep conviction of this topic and where i stand on.  my conviction simply comes from years of studying this subject by pouring over scripture, reading books (from both sides), praying, and other things.this past august marked an 8 year journey out of homosexuality.  up until that point, i was very active in 'the life', even at one time being engaged to a man (i am 30 now).  my convictions are born out of what GOD has done within my life and the revelation HE has given me through HIS word by HIS Spirit.  like i said before, this is my conviction."	AGAINST
1467	gayRights	"In the New Testament there are three passages to consider. Romans 1:21, 26, 27Revised Standard Version21 for although they knew God they did not honor him as God or give thanks to him...26 For this reason God gave them up to dishonorable passions. Their women exchanged natural relations for unnatural, 27 and the men likewise gave up natural relations with women and were consumed with passion for one another, men committing shameless acts with men... The King James and New International versions say virtually the same thing. Romans 1:26 and 27 clearly speak of same-gender sex by both men and women, the only passage in the New Testament that does so. Rom. 1:18-32 speaks of Gentiles (heterosexuals) who could and should have known and served and given thanks to God but would not, so God gave them up and let them do whatever they wanted to do, and that resulted in degrading and shameful acts, including same-gender sex. It is almost a moot point, but Paul is not listing sins for which God will condemn anyone, he is listing sins that occur because people have forsaken Him. These are acts committed by those who have turned away from God and so become ""consumed with passion."" All of us recognize that those who forsake God and give themselves over to lustful living--homosexual or heterosexual--stand condemned by the Bible. This passage is talking about people who chose to forsake God.Conservative theologian Richard Hays says, ""No direct appeal to Romans 1 as a source of rules about sexual conduct is possible.""B-6 I Corinthians 6:9King James Version:9...Be not deceived: neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate [malakoi], nor abusers of themselves with mankind [arsenokoitai], 10 Nor thieves..., shall inherit the kingdom of God. New International Version9...Do not be deceived: Neither the sexually immoral nor idolaters nor adulterers nor male prostitutes [malakoi] nor homosexual offenders [arsenokoitai] 10 nor thieves...will inherit the kingdom of God.Revised Standard Version--1952 edition:9...Do not be deceived; neither the immoral, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor homosexuals [malakoi and arsenokoitai], 10 nor thieves..., will inherit the kingdom of God.Revised Standard Version--1971 edition:9...Do not be deceived; neither the immoral, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor sexual perverts [malakoi and arsenokoitai], 10 nor thieves..., will inherit the kingdom of God.A comparison of how the two Greek words are translated in the different versions shows that translations often, unfortunately, become the interpretations of the translators. In I Cor. 6:9 Paul lists the types of persons who will be excluded from the kingdom of God and for some he uses the Greek words malakoi and arsenokoitai. KJ translates the first ""effeminate,"" a word that has no necessary connection with homosexuals. The NIV translates the first ""male prostitutes"" and the second, ""homosexual offenders"". The RSV in its first edition of 1952 translated both words by the single term, ""homosexuals"". In the revised RSV of 1971, the translation ""homosexuals"" is discarded and the two Greek words are translated as ""sexual perverts""; obviously the translators had concluded the earlier translation was not supportable.Malakoi literally means ""soft"" and is translated that way by both KJ and RSV in Matt. 11:8 and Luke 7:25. When it is used in moral contexts in Greek writings it has the meaning of morally weak; a related word, malakia, when used in moral contexts, means dissolute and occasionally refers to sexual activity but never to homosexual acts. There are at least five Greek words that specifically mean people who practice same-gender sex. Unquestionably, if Paul had meant such people, he would not have used a word that is never used to mean that in Greek writings when he had other words that were clear in that meaning. He must have meant what the word commonly means in moral contexts, ""morally weak."" There is no justification, most scholars agree, for translating it ""homosexuals.""Arsenokoitai, is not found in any extant Greek writings until the second century when it apparently means ""pederast"", a corrupter of boys, and the sixth century when it is used for husbands practicing anal intercourse with their wives. Again, if Paul meant people practicing same-gender sex, why didn't he use one of the common words? Some scholars think probably the second century use might come closest to Paul's intention. If so, there is no justification for translating the word as ""homosexuals."" Other scholars see a connection with Greek words used to refer to same-gender sex in Leviticus. If so, it is speaking of heterosexuals given to such lust they turn to such acts.Richard Hays tells us, ""I Corinthians 6:9-11 states no rule to govern the conduct of Christians.""B-7One commentator has another reason for rejecting the NIV and original RSV translations, ""homosexuals."" Today it could mean that a person who is homosexual in orientation even though ""of irreproachable morals, is automatically branded as unrighteous and excluded from the kingdom of God, just as if he were the most depraved of sexual perverts.""B-8So I Cor. 6:9 says nothing about homosexuality with the possible exception of condemnable pederasty.I Tim. 1:10King James Version:9...the law is not made for a righteous man, but for the lawless and disobedient, for the ungodly and for sinners,...10...for them that defile themselves with mankind (arsenokoitai)...Revised Standard Version - both 1952 and 1971 editions:9...the law is not laid down for the just but for the lawless and disobedient, for the ungodly and sinners, for 10 immoral persons, sodomites (arsenokoitai),...New International Version:9...the law is not made for the righteous but for lawbreakers and rebels, the ungodly and sinful...10 for adulterers and perverts (arsenokoitai)Here only the RSV specifically refers to same-gender sex, using the term ""sodomites,"" which is the translation given in both the Old Testament and New Testament to Hebrew and Greek words for male temple prostitutes. The KJV probably has the same thought. The NIV does not necessarily refer to same-gender sex. Again Paul has used the Greek word arsenokoitai, the word in I Cor. 6:9.As discussed above, this word would have no reference to homosexuality or homosexual sex in our discussion.So like the other two New Testament passages, I Tim. 1:10 says nothing about homosexuality or homosexuals and nothing about same-gender sex unless that of temple prostitutes or possibly the molestation of young boys by heterosexuals.In view of the facts set forth above, we realize there is no moral teaching in the Bible about homosexuality as we know it, including homosexual sex (except possibly pederasty). The Bible cannot be used to condemn as immoral all same-gender sex. It clearly condemns lust, whether homosexual or heterosexual. There is certainly nothing in the Bible about anyone going to hell because he or she is homosexual. All who go to hell will go for the same, one reason: failure to commit their lives in faith to Jesus Christ as their lord and savior. From a slightly different approach to interpretation, Dr. Robin Scroggs states, ""The basic model in today's Christian homosexual community is so different from the model attacked by the New Testament that the criterion of reasonable similarity of context is not met. The conclusion I have to draw seems inevitable: Biblical judgments against homosexuality are not relevant to today's debate.""B-9 [Italics his] Dr. Gomes concludes his discussion of homosexuality and the Bible with these words:The Biblical writers never contemplated a form of homosexuality in which loving, monogamous, and faithful persons sought to live out the implications of the gospel with as much fidelity to it as any heterosexual believer. All they knew of homosexuality was prostitution, pederasty, lasciviousness, and exploitation. These vices, as we know, are not unknown among heterosexuals, and to define contemporary homosexuals only in these terms is a cultural slander of the highest order, reflecting not so much prejudice, which it surely does, but what the Roman Catholic Church calls ""invincible ignorance,"" which all of the Christian piety and charity in the world can do little to conceal. The ""problem,"" of course, is not the Bible, it is the Christians who read it.B-10"	FAVOR
1468	gayRights	"I believe that every human being is born genetically, physically, emotionally, spiritually and psychologically fallen.  No one is born perfect.  While I think it is far to simplistic to think that someone is born gay, the truth is that no one currently knows all of the factors that contribute to one's behavioral makeup.  I believe that genetics, environment and even our personalities factor into who we are and what we do.  As someone who never chose to ""feel"" gay, but who nonetheless found myself with those very real and complex desires, I admit that I do not know every reason why I experienced the sexual urges, impulses and attractions that I did starting at puberty.  However, I am extremely grateful for the fact that we live in a world where self determination is a high value.  Each individual has the God-given right to decide for themselves how they are going to respond to the impulses and attractions that they have.  For a period of my life I ""chose"" to act according to my feelings and when I realized that those actions weren't congruent with my greatest desire---to live according to my faith in Christ---then I ""chose"" to give up homosexuality and set out on the long, difficult but ultimately overwhelmingly fulfilling journey of putting Christ first.  Bottom line: just because something is ""genetic"" doesn't make it optimal, healthy or moral.  All sorts of things are said to have a genetic link from cancer to obesity to rage to alcoholism.  Not all of those things are immoral but they are all unhealthy and no one would choose them.  So, genetically linked or not, homosexuality isn't something that one has to live in tyranny under.  We each have a choice to make based upon our unchosen feelings and can decide how we are going to respond to our circumstances based on all of the facts.18 years after deciding to leave homosexuality I am thrilled that I did.  The life I lived as a celibate and single man was far more rewarding than gay life.  For 11 years now my life with my wife, Leslie, has been the greatest joy of my life as were the additions of my two adopted newborns in 2005.Rogaine for Women said it best a few years back: ""Stronger than genetics to overcome baldness.""  Certainly I have found that the human will, coupled in my case with my faith, are stronger than genetics to overcome a sexuality that doesn't fit with my beliefs or way of life."	AGAINST
1469	gayRights	I've made a personal life choice and I think I have a genetic disposition to taking other peoples things; I'm a thief. Sometimes I do get violent when I do it and hurt people but that's OK cause I was born this way and nobody should tell me what I can or can't do; I'm entitled to live my live as I see fit.Oh yeah, could you send me your address, I'd like to see were you live. I bet you've got some cool stuff.Final thought, I'll bet money you don't instinctively believe your argument. You only believe it when your trying to justify your behavior that you instinctively know is wrong. But If somebody is violating you I'd bet a million dollars you get morally objective real quick and say something like; you shouldn't do that. To which I would reply; why not? And you might say; because it's wrong. And I would say; how do you know it's wrong? And you might say; I just know it is.So I don't have to prove your argument is false because you know instinctively that it is.	AGAINST
1470	gayRights	I mean, this reads to me like anyone who's an alcoholic doesn't go to heaven. No one who's covetous goes to heaven. Is that the line from you guys?	FAVOR
1471	gayRights	"And maybe discuss the difference between ""Judeo-Christian"", ""Judaic"", and ""Christian.""Firstly, Judeo-Christian was a word that was invented by Christians and confuses and worries most Jews. Jews and Christians have very different ideas around morality, the nature of willpower and mankind, what role the laws play in every day life, etc. So let's create that disconnect, please.Judaic morality says that, at best, men lying with men is a sort of odd, inexplicable thing and at worst is an abominable act. On the subject of lesbianism, there's no rule against it, but since it was practiced by the Egyptians, we're supposed to not do it.Very few of the mitzvhot are moral in nature. Few can debate the MORALITY of keeping kosher. We can discuss the USEFULNESS of it, but the morality is somewhat seperate.Also, Quincey, in response to your statement: ""Judeo-Christian morality excludes all other religious and non-religious morality."" should really read ""Christian morality"". Jewish morality has very specific people to whom it applies, namely Jews. If you're not one of us, we do not and should not care what you do. Jews will probably not like same-sex marriages being performed in their temples, but throughout the US at least, most Jews support it, filing it under ""things that don't really affect us but make some people happy"".Anyways. JudeoChristian=not a thing. Thanks."	FAVOR
1472	gayRights	If you lost the ability to adopt in Arkansas because you can't marry or even have civil unions there, then move to a gay friendly state. But under no circumstance take this advice to mean that you should stop fighting for marriage.	AGAINST
1473	gayRights	" ""Don't ask don't tell"" fosters discrimination against women ""Don't Ask, Don't Tell, And Try Not To Be A Woman"". Jezebel. June 23, 2008 - ""Although this picture shows 1 female and 4 male former members of our Armed Forces Ã‘ which is more or less the ratio of women to men in the U.S. military today Ã‘ it is not the ratio of lesbians to gay men discharged from the military because of sexual orientation."""	FAVOR
1474	gayRights	It is absolutely ludicrous that in this day and age, while we tout freedom and democracy, we are still ruled by puritanical thought.  What business is it to anyone else whether a man marries another man or a woman marries another woman?  Does it hurt the economy?  Does gay marriage prevent Americans from getting reasonable health insurance?  Is gay marriage the reason we are fighting a war?   No, No, and No.  They deserve the right to marry, just like everyone else.  It isn't like the heteros have it right anyway, what with our stellar divorce rate and all.  Is god OK with divorcing, but not OK with same-sex marriages?  How does that work?	FAVOR
1475	gayRights	I believe that somewhere along the way someone's emotional development can be altered or misdirected.Same sex love is fruitless and cannot multiply. There is no descendance and no future blood lineage. In the case of 2 magnets the + side reject the + side but join the - side.Do not just disreguard what I am saying lightly.It is the same with children. When I hear an adult saying: I do not like children but I love dogs or my cat is like my baby. I wander what happened in their life for them to speak that way.The issue of abandonned children is a separate subject. In any case, some studies show that when children are raised by homosexuals, the chance for them to become homosexual or bisexuals increase 7X.(from 2% to 14% of the population). We are just increasing the problem of homsexualityDo we have to create new organisations that will provide a mother or a father figure for these children like big borthers or big sister.I do no buy the idea that a lesbian will play Dad while her partner will play mom successfullyWe are just multiplying the problem for these children and the suffering that homosexuals say they endure because of their condition.Still in order to satisfy your request for me to answer your question, I like to say the following.I do no know the specific data but I hear that 500,000 children are in the family services' care.250,000 or more are still connected to their original families and half of the 250,000 left are not small babies but are more dificult to adopt because they are older or have been abused or hurt in some fashion.The answer is to raise the consciousness of the whole country on this issue big time and mobilise all the goodness in the USA to tackle this problem.Most people are not aware of it.Instead of adopting children, people with same sex attraction should be helped in healing themselves. 	AGAINST
1476	gayRights	" Children do not need distinct male and female parental role-models What children need first is love, compassion, and care from their parents. In addition, children are highly influenced by their social environment as much as their parents, making it unreasonable to place such a high importance on the attributes that parents display. "	FAVOR
1477	gayRights	But what if the married mum and dad don't love one another? What if they do not love their   children  ? I would have rather been raised by same-sex couples rather than the evil bastards that were my parents.	FAVOR
1478	gayRights	"Marriage from a legal standpoint is simply a contract between two people that gives certain legal rights and responsibilities and affects property ownership.  If you're talking about the sacrament of marriage, i.e. religious ceremony, you can exclude homosexuals all you want.  The law is not the same as religion, however. This issue is about the legality of ""marriage"" as recognized by the state. Legal marriage does not mandate, require, or even encourage children.  Society encourages children.  If you have a problem with children who aren't raised by a mother and father, you need to try to bring about societal and attitude changes, not trying to suppress the civil rights of a group you dislike. If you don't think homosexuals should be allowed to raise children, that's an adoption issue. All you're doing by fighting gay marriage is ensuring that children of homosexual couples will have unmarried parents.  Is that somehow better?"	FAVOR
1479	gayRights	Gayness is as natural as sex and food.Treating people worse because of them being gay is like treating black or Asian or Indian people worse than others.Except I've actually seen a black person change his colour (Michael Jackson), but I've never heard of a real story where a gay guy became straight (and not asexual or faking it trough whole life).	FAVOR
1480	gayRights	"Okay so when interracial marriage was illegal would you have said ""It's alright because anyone does have the right to get married [just not to whom they want]""?"	FAVOR
1481	gayRights	Thanks for at least trying to be a little bit nice. These people need to lighten up a little bit.	FAVOR
1482	gayRights	"There is so much misinformation here. Your sex is what your brain is, either male or female or somewhere in between.The way I see it is if you look at a female looking person and you want to kiss her, you are male no matter what sexual organs you have and the opposite.There are few supermales and superfemales as most of us are somewhere between the 2.Some people have male and female organs, some have some of each, some have none at all. What do you call them? It's everyones right to say what they are no matter what body parts they have.The rightwing, religious are so ignorant of sexuallity and want to stay that way.On Christianity, they don't follow Jesus at all but corrupt Paul/Saul and his lies. Jesus hated priests, other who made money off of god and was killed trying to keep the moneychangers out of the temple. Yet now all ""Christianity' is just a bunch of moneychangers leading a bunch of ignorant people to lazy, scared or dumb to think for themselves. BTW I'm  straight"	AGAINST
1483	gayRights	My last sentence was meant towards the other side of this argument, not you.	FAVOR
1484	gayRights	Yeah, yeah, yeah, blah, blah, blah ;)	FAVOR
1485	gayRights	Start with verse one of that chapter, where are temples mentioned? Maybe it's meaning is hidden in the hebrew, but in English it is not mentioned.God is taking that chapter/time to address how we should not behave sexually, and then specifically mentions men laying with men... HELLO! If this was football, that would be a telegraphed pass...	AGAINST
1486	gayRights	"While a person may not agree with it morally, Gay marriage does nothing that physicly hurts anyone. Opponents of this, are forgetting that there is a separation of church and state. Its time to quit policing peoples morals and learn that two concenting adults should be able to have the same rights as anyone else. Its called America folks...Remember ""The Land of the Free""?"	FAVOR
1487	gayRights	I understand your point. As a matter of fact, I would have no problem believing that Paul would address that particular issue(with the cybeles). However I also strongly believe that not only is Paul pointing out idol worship and homosexuality, he is also exposing homosexuality as another issue too. 	AGAINST
1488	gayRights	"Heres where you screwed yourself... well first off, in your mother's basement, where you obviously reside.Secondly, when you said, ""Moreover, do they not solely seek to please themselves at the expense of the sorrow of their parents and families?""I believe that you're implying that all families are sad and distraught over their child's homosexuality? This is not the case.Homosexuality can be accepted, tolerated, and celebrated. Just because you are a homosexual doesn't mean that you are in defiance of anything.You are embracing your own feelings. You are being true to yourself. I would argue that someone who does not love themselves, should not attempt to love anyone else. You have to love yourself, and you have to have a genuine love for someone else in order to successfully raise a child. The child understand that love. He or she can learn that there are many types of love, and that it can be expressed in whatever way, with whomever he or she finds suitable for them. But that child needs just an example of love.Shut up and listen, for once.Love is all you need."	FAVOR
1489	gayRights	"I hate it when people have to bring politics into everything. Such as talk about the ""Right Wing Media ""etc. Such stereotyping is no better than Gay bashing as you are painting everything with one stroke. If some people believe that a Gay lifestyle is immoral for example that is their right and you are not going to change them by attacking them. It becomes a problem when they try to take measures that restrict the civil rights of gays. I don't believe that AlanMChambers is doing that. It's well within the rights of the commentator you chastised so much to lead a celibate lifestyle if he chooses without you jumping all over him and criticizing him. Attitudes such as yours do more harm than good to the Gay Rights issue since it alienates people. It's time we talk civilly too each other and try to understand not demonize and preach hate against hate. 2 wrongs don't make a right. Another thing, I read that link and until more research is done and others have replicated the results it cannot be considered a ""discovery"". Regardless genetic or not nobody chooses to be Gay. "	FAVOR
1490	gayRights	I am a college male who was born with a high voice. Over the course of my life people have mistaken me for a girl and sadly that took a toll on me and when I entered high school I was unsure as to what my sexuality was. Since I had straight Christian family, I should not have ended up being bisexual. However in the end that is what I am. I NEVER wanted to be this. I am a firm upstanding example of how there was no genetics involved or a choice. I have an attraction that I am not proud of but it isn't something I am able to be cured from. I can choose to resist the temptations of that lifestyle but I will always be bisexual. Rarely do you have an obvious example set in front of you like this but keep it in mind when you say that it is a genetic trait or it is a choice.	AGAINST
1491	gayRights	Spencer-I appreciate your honesty. It speaks well of your character. That being said, the basis of your viewpoint is Complementarianism - that God intends everyone to be heterosexual, that God is adamantly opposed to every intimate human partnership except those which replicate the Adam and Eve model.Of course, the Bible never takes that position. That is something which the scripture does not say but which Complementarians read into the Bible. In plainer words, it is a private interpretation.        By taking the clobber passages out of context and insisting they refer to homosexuality and lesbianism when no human author of the Bible ever linked Sodom and homosexuality (let alone lesbianism) in any of the 48 passages where Sodom is used, the Ex-Gay industry has convinced you to believe a lie.        	FAVOR
1492	gayRights	Homosexuality hasn't been considered a disease by most scientists for 50 years by now, and I see no reason why homos shouldn't be allowed to raise children like everyone else.	FAVOR
1493	gayRights	Of course they want government approval. Why shouldn't they?  Why do you insist on making homosexuals second class citizens?  Take a look at the history of the Quakers in England.  Tell me, what is the difference in your view vs. Englands views of the Quakers?  Why is your religious heart so dark and shut off?	FAVOR
1494	gayRights	I believe I am allowed my opinion. Human right to have ones own opinion. . not like marriage.I believe the question is harm or no harm.Not grasping at straws. . .women inequality is always been one of my stands.there will be no homosexual couples in a world dominated by the women haters. if you think I am narrow minded and stupid. . .HA!calling me stupid is the quickest way to get me to your side. Good job! you are so smart I am awed.	AGAINST
1495	gayRights	Yes you did. You called me a chore. Don't worry my feelings are not hurt I just think name calling makes you look weak, especially in a debate. Now you are calling me a Mormon as if it's an insult. Have you taken the time to under stand my religion?	AGAINST
1496	gayRights	Certainly not (this would make for an excellent debate in itself). If morality is not subjective, which I believe it is not, then the question becomes, does God set moral laws because they are what is moral and right, OR are things that are moral right because God says so. I'm personally of the first opinion, but don't see it necessary to bring God into it at all. Morality does not need God to exist, but with the inclusion, I believe he sets moral laws out because they are right, not the other way around.	FAVOR
1497	gayRights	It's called an analogy, genius.He's saying that basing things on tradition is a bad idea.	FAVOR
1498	gayRights	NO. The Bible clearly states that marriage is a sacred union between male and female.	AGAINST
1499	gayRights	We can only speak from experience and conjecture.  Anecdotes, unfortunately, are all we have right now when talking about this topic.  If there was some way to objectively gauge whether a child being raised in a   safe  , secure and calm heterosexual home was any better-off (or perhaps worse-off) than a child being raised in a safe, secure and calm homosexual home then we could talk about this topic intelligently.  All we can do right now is make analogies and comparisons while talking about our own conjecture and limited experiences.  I am personally witnessing a boy being raised in a lesbian home and have been watching him grow for the last 15 years (he is 15 years old).  The couple raising him are very intelligent and caring individuals, but there just seems something odd about the young man, the way he acts and talks, the things he says, are all odd, I will not go into detail, however, there definitely is something off about him.  Beyond that, I am not even sure it is causal, perhaps he would have been odd if raised by a heterosexual couple, I cannot know this, however, in the current lack of knowledge that we have as a culture, I am opposed to homosexual   parenting  . 	AGAINST
1500	gayRights	"first off, both david and johnathan were married - they weren't gay.second, it was common for people to greet one another back then with a kiss (paul even suggests it in 1 corin 16:20).  look at judas and Jesus ... judas gave Jesus a kiss before he betrayed the Son of GOD.  does that mean that both were (are) gay?  bring it into today's standards, if i kiss my son does that make us both gay?  or how about if i give a simple kiss (peck on the cheek) to my best friend - as david and johnathan did - does that make us gay?  no.  it just means that i have a dear affection for my best friend (and my son).  it means that these men in my life mean a lot to me - that i value their relationship.  how about when certain ethnic groups greet each other with a kiss; are they all gay too.  this is not a good argument for the pro-gay side.and here's another thought, i will listen and understand someone's argument that homosexuality isn't spoken against in the Bible (even though i do believe it is).  so the greek may be misrepresented and misunderstood (though i don't believe it is).  still though, one question comes up time and time again for me:  where in scripture does GOD say that homosexuality is right?it seems to me that whenever GOD talks about marriage, it's always between a man and a woman.  whenever GOD talks about lusting after another, the issue is between a man and a woman.  whenever GOD talks about parents raising kids, it's between a man and a woman.buckeyenutlover, you state that ""GOD deliberately made homosexuality"" ... but if HE did, wouldn't you think that HE would have stated positive reasons for it - and not just negative ones?some things to ponder."	AGAINST
1501	gayRights	If you live in Israel you might find these things are taboo, seeing as most of the things you have mentioned were aimed at the children of israel	AGAINST
1502	gayRights	I agree with just about everything you just said. Thank you!	FAVOR
1503	gayRights	Hi LM! What allows you to assume that gay people don't have a parental bone in their body? Many gay people want children. That gene or set of brain cells were surely there at birth even though others were not!	FAVOR
1504	gayRights	The only reason to not allow same-sex marriage is religious in nature...that is it is an abomination to God. As a Christian myself, I realize that not everyone is Christian and that I have no right to impose my faith on anyone else. Do I agree with the lifestyle? Of course I don't. Religious institutions may refuse to participate or officiate in said ceremonies if they wish, but for goodness sake let people be happy. 	FAVOR
1505	gayRights	It's one thing for gay couples to adopt their own lifestyle, but they've moved far beyond that. Now they are demanding that the rest of society change its traditions and institutions to suit them. This isn't about insurance or inheritance benefits for gay couples (which I have no problem with). It's about redefining an institution older than civilization itself. If a two men or two women can marry, why not three men or four women? Or fathers and daughters who happen to be consenting adults?	AGAINST
1506	gayRights	The traits exhibited by the 3 Gay men as   children  , even at less than 10 years old, went beyond mere   feminism   and preferring to play with girls. You just knew it and I believe they were born with it. They came from 3 completely different families and social backgrounds yet all 3 exhibited traits that I find difficult to describe. In all my life I have never known straight men that exhibited these traits to such a degree. I know it's not scientific but it's enough to convince me. It's like describing Jazz. It's hard to define but I know it when I hear it. It was these 3 along with other things that leads me to believe most Gays are probably born that way.	FAVOR
1507	gayRights	"If Christian conservatives were sincere in their condemnation of homosexuals on BIBLICAL biblical grounds, as I show on my  they would be just as conscientious about applying the   bible  's teaching that those who don't obey the sabbath demands that are repeated forcefully and frequently in ""God's Word"".  How many rich Republicans would support such ""Christian conservatives"" for public offices, if they were demanding that people not work, or shop, or go to   entertainment   events one out of seven days every week?!?In contrast to a few rare and obscure references to   homosexuality   in the O.Testament, the sabbath command is one of the TEN GREAT COMMANDMENTS, and the penalty required by the bible is DEATH.How many show the sincerity of their view of ""God's Word"" by their insistance that people either obey the 4th commandment or DIE?!? (I would have asked, ""should homosexuals be treated as parriahs?"" (even if you view it as one of the MANY behaviors condemned by the bible)"	FAVOR
1508	gayRights	" Children always benefit from two parents (gay or straight) instead of one ""Single-parent mom"" is an all too frequent term. It is costly to children, primarily from the standpoint of having half the support that a child deserves. Married gay couples can provide twice the support that a single parent can provide, and this is always a good thing."	FAVOR
1509	gayRights	Homosexuality has been studied up the ying/yang..no offense. They just cant find a gene, they have all but made another human being to try and come up with one, dna dissected by brillant people for years and years and years...but none that are pink and have a big hole in the center and say IM HERE AND IM..well you know.	AGAINST
1510	gayRights	"Many Christians say   homosexuality   is a choice. Science, logic, common sense, real life accounts, and psychologists all prove this wrong. Any educated Christian or person knows that homosexuality is not a choice. You cannot choose your sexual attractions. They try to use the cop-out that, ""its the behavior"" but that behavior is caused by the initial sexual attraction, which you cannot change. If you feel you can change your sexual attraction, you might want to re-evaluate your sexuality, because you are not straight, but bi-sexual. Now within the group of people that think being   gay   is a choice, they fall in 2 groups.Group 1: The bigots, who try to find any excuse to condone their   discrimination  . Group 2: People who actually are good people, but not informed or know enough about gay people, and thus still think its a choice.I am speaking to group 2 here. Group 1 are bigots that will never change their mind, but that generation will die out like the racist generations. Group 2 read on.-Virtually all major psychological and medical experts agree that sexual orientation is NOT a choice-Most gay people will tell you its not a choice-Common sense will tell you its not a choiceWhile   science   is relatively new to studying homosexuality, studies tend to indicate that its biological.        Gay, Straight Men's Brain Responses Differ    ,2933,155990,00.html        /    /And it should also be noted that:""It is worth noting that many medical and scientific organizations do believe it is impossible to change a person's sexual orientation and this is displayed in a statement by American Academy of Pediatrics, American Counseling Association, American Association of School Administrators, American Federation of Teachers, American Psychiatric Association, American Psychological Association, American School Health Association, Interfaith Alliance Foundation, National Association of School Psychologists, National Association of Social Workers, and National Education Association.""But we don't need scientific evidence for this.(REVERSE THE QUESTIONS IF YOU ARE FEMALE)I shall ask you this. When you see a naked woman, it goes up right? They turn you on emotionally and sexually right? Now how about when you see a naked man? Does your pulse raise in the same way? Are you enjoying it? Do you go up? Do you feel sexual urges in the same way? Do men turn you on emotionally and sexually? Does male/male   porn   turn you on sexually? Would you be able to enjoy sex with a man? Do you find men sexually attractive? Could you be happy sexually with a man for the rest of your life? If you are heterosexual, the answer should be no. Otherwise, you might either be bi-sexual or   homosexual  , and might want to re-evaluate your sexuality. It is well known that a lot of homophobes deny their homosexuality by being aggressive towards it, until they finally accept it. Most people know this is not a choice, and it would be ignorant claiming it so. I know a few gay people who went to a straight club when they were figuring out their sexuality, where women were putting their naked bodies all over them, giving them naked lap dances, not once did the gay men get it up or aroused. But just the picture of a naked guy gets them up easily. Tell me thats choice. Also, why would a gay person, knowing that you will have a rough time in   society  , knowing that you cant get married unless you live in certain places, knowing that people will pick on you for it, knowing that your closest friends and families might completely turn their back on you, choose to be gay, if they could easily be satisfied by the opposite sex? Because they can't. Simple logic there."	FAVOR
1511	gayRights	I don't really see why not. I mean, they pay taxes and deal with all of the bullshit the rest of the country does every day. Denying them something is basically making them sub-human, and that's pretty sick I think.	FAVOR
1512	gayRights	"Ahhhh, to ""protect"" the   children   from the horrible life of same sex ""PARENTS"" and families, I know thats not what was said, but rather inferred. Children ALWAYS do best when they have the influence of both male and female HEALTHY role models, when they feel safe and secure, valued and loved, when their family isn't being put up to (mostly) Christian flogging of going to hell, being called perverts, pediophiles and watching the tv ads that show other people they don't know trying to ""protect"" them from that person who reads to them at night. ALL of my same sex FEMALE friends who have children also have the healthy male role models in their childs life, to balance what they cannot be, lets get real. HOWEVER just because 2 women will never be anything other than, DOES NOT mean the child will suffer. Marriage, 50% divorce rate, so if a child is all happy and carefree, getting the BEST of mom and dad, oh wait how good could it have been if the child was/is living in an enviornment where mommy and daddy are beginning the steps towards divorce, the child has to live with it while it's happening, watch it, hear it and feel it. Face it it doesn't happen over night so how long has the child been exposed? And divorce...50% is an extremely high rate so how does that show mommy and daddy have something special called marriage? Lets see...and then there's the same sex parents who actually give birth or adopt. No ""whoops"" there, it's planned out, saved for and wanted. That child is sooo loved before they even arrive, and if indeed they adopted, who's child was it? Probably some lesbian out there trying to sabotage numbers of hetrosexual throw away babies that come from that precious gift of reproduction that's taken for granted and has no real value, just like the life that was created in a careless moment and given away, (but thank you for not aborting!).Children...and on this note, WHY are yours so much better than mine? WHY does my child HAVE to sit in PUBLIC school and be taught about your family and never see their family reflected in the teachings? WHY are you dictating to our children their lessons? Oh thats right...YOU have all the rights, yours are the only ones that count, what would happen if indeed YOUR child was teased, bullied and taunted every day and then committed suicide? Ohhhh, heads would role, but hey when its the child of a same sex couple or just a young person who discovers they are gay, it's ok? So children, I think same sex couples and families do a better job as they teach their children respect for ALL, compassion, empathy(we've been there) and to not judge or discriminate, most I know are faith based, just not fanatical based or the corporate organized   religion   type. Children are children, leave them out of this ADULT battle, you take care of yours and we'll take care of ours. We talk about the day at school, lessons learned and we discuss OUR family values in relation to, what do YOU do? The school is not where we turn to for our childrens life lessons and beliefs, your child won't poison mine with your values or beliefs, actually it's more info for my child to make INFORMED choices as they grow with guidance from us. "	FAVOR
1513	gayRights	"WASHINGTON, D.C. -- A new report published by the Family ResearchCouncil (FRC) reveals that there is a body of evidence indicating adefinite link between   homosexuality   and pedophilia. Statistics showthat homosexual men, who represent less than 3 percent of the adultmale population, commit a disproportionate number (one-third or more cases of child sexual molestation. The report, ""Homosexualityand Child Sexual Abuse,"" authored by Dr. Timothy J. Dailey (availableat   www.frc.org  .), is being sent to parents, youth groups, schooladministrators, Catholic bishops, and religious organizations.FRC's report comes at a time when the nation has been rocked byscandals of child sexual abuse and when homosexuals argue that youthorganizations such as the Boy Scouts should be forced to includehomosexuals as leaders. Similarly, gay activist organizations areencouraging homosexual teachers to share their sexuality with theirstudents. Many parents have become concerned that   children   may bemolested, encouraged to become sexually active, or even ""recruited""into adopting a homosexual identity and lifestyle.""Homosexuality and Child Sexual Abuse"" examines the following evidencelinking homosexuality to pedophilia:Pedophiles are invariably males: Almost all sex crimes againstchildren are committed by men.Significant numbers of victims are males: Up to one-third of all sexcrimes against children are committed against boys (as opposed togirls).The 10 percent fallacy: Studies indicate that, contrary to theinaccurate but widely accepted claims of sex researcher Alfred Kinsey,homosexuals comprise between 1 to 3 percent of the population.Homosexuals are overrepresented in child sex offenses: Those among the1 to 3 percent of the population that is sexually attracted to thesame sex are committing up to one-third of the sex crimes againstchildren.Some homosexual activists defend the historic connection betweenhomosexuality and pedophilia: Such activists consider the defense of""boy-lovers"" to be a legitimate gay rights issue.Pedophile themes abound in homosexual literary culture: Gay fiction aswell as serious academic treatises promote ""intergenerationalintimacy.""""Children have become the last sexual frontier,"" FRC President KenConnor said. ""Those given the task of protecting our nation's childrenshould give a serious look at these statistics and think twice beforecomplying with the demands of homosexual activists."""	AGAINST
1514	gayRights	That's what i think too, homosexuality is freaking wrong and you deserve an up-vote ^^	AGAINST
1515	gayRights	Does his command to one person apply to all people? If so, should I be worried about my father trying to sacrifice me?	AGAINST
1516	gayRights	In the beginning of my argument I explained why I would not choose to allow a homosexual to adopt. Primarily, the homosexual is inescapably self-centered. The conclusion is to be understood as a universal statement of all homosexuals, not particular. And hence, no explanation is required when itÃ•s two homosexuals seeking to adopt. However, I will now take the time to compound my argument with additional facts after already having logically established my position.  You claim that my argument, Ã”fail(s) to address (is) how a Gay couple would not make a suitable parental unit. My reply is yes, I did not address that question, now consider my explanation. You are requesting that I prove a negative conclusion, i.e. how a gay couple would NOT make a suitable parental unit. It is logically impossible to prove a negative conclusion. I cannot syllogistically arrive at a negative conclusion from negative propositions. The burden of proof belongs to those who claim that homosexuals are suitable parents. Consider the example of what you have accused my argument of lacking.Gays are bad, the bad should not adopt; therefore, gays should not adopt. The argument is valid, but it is petition principii, begging the question. Gays are not good, only the good should adopt; therefore, gays should not adopt. The argument is invalid and fallacious.Gays are perverts, perverts are evil; therefore, gays should not adopt. Argument is both invalid and fallacious.Gays are not evil, evil is not good; therefore, gays are not good. (Again invalid and fallacious) Or you could say: 1 is not 2, 2 is not 3; therefore 1 is not 3. . (Again invalid and fallacious)There are an unlimited number of examples that I could use to demonstrate the impossibility of syllogistically proving a negative conclusion. I suppose the examples IÃ•ve provided shall suffice for the subject at hand.They who would argue that homosexuals are suitable parents must be burdened by the burden of proof to logically prove their point.  I truly did go to an extreme conclusion in my last argument, as you have stated. Yet, only for the purpose of reductio ad absurdum, reducing the proposition until it is obviously false. And lastly, your reference to the legal system is an appeal to authority, Argumentum Ad Verecundium. (the truth, falsity, or validity of an argument is not subject to a legal system)Bare in mind that my arguments are for the sake of knowledge and not the sake of attacking or debating; so take no offence for none is intended.	AGAINST
1517	gayRights	Yes. But seeing as how the Chrisitan God is just one of an infinite number of possible explanations as to the origin of the universe, I'd say the probability that you are correct is practically zero.	FAVOR
1518	gayRights	I'm equating inter-racial marriage to same sex marriage on the basis of discrimination.  A logical and easily understood argument.You are comparing same sex marriage to pedophiles and human sacrifice.  That's just weird.	FAVOR
1519	gayRights	"Some babies are born with a predisposition to homosexuality (both human and in other races), and their upbringing will not be affect their sexuality. Attempting to suppress this genetic predisposition has resulted in great misery for many people. Rather, we should accept this and look to embrace all gay people fully Ã which must include celebrating gay role models, especially as responsible parents."	FAVOR
1520	gayRights	freedom of   religion  .  Which country has the most diverse religion?  The majority (90%) of the US founding fathers were christians.  I think that at least has some weight.  What does Shinto say about marriage, sex, gender, homo, hetero etc..  Not your opinion or shinto/japanese cultural attitude....what does Shinto have to say.  I am curious.Thanks,	AGAINST
1521	gayRights	Thanks for your expert analysis. Congratulations on getting your PhD in developmental psychology by the way. Now that you are done with your speculation I will provide you with an actual study.  Every other study I have seen found the same results. Furthermore what about single parents? Should they be allowed to have kids or adopt? My guess is you think so. They are not getting the influence of both a mom and dad, just like you think how same-sex couples raise kids, so what's the difference?The bible should never be any justification for laws. Regardless of the fact that it is a piece of fiction, it violates the establishment clause of the first amendment of the constitution.	FAVOR
1522	gayRights	I'm kind of new here. Are there not moderators who prevent this sort of thing?	AGAINST
1523	gayRights	Christians and Jews say that it's immoral. LEVICTICUS 18:22	AGAINST
1524	gayRights	First, advocates of   gay marriage   are not anti-marriage or anti-family.  Opposite sex couples who love each other and wish to get married and have   children   may continue to do this, just as they've always done.  The change?  Same sex couples who love each other want similar legal rights.  Second, the law should not be based off of   religion  .  It is important for a   society   to have morals; individual rights and freedom should be protected, whether it's their   right to life  , property, or opinions.  But the majority should not be able to take rights from the minority.  Besides, not everyone is Christian, or believes that nature was divinely created.  As a   secular   state, why should the Bible supersede the Constitution?Christian beliefs and dictates apply only to those people who choose to believe in them.  There is no way to justify forcing others to follow them.And then- innate realizations?  Please.  For something to be innate, it would have to be agreed upon widely, consistently, and from birth.  No exceptions.  Even if I were the only one who feels that homosexuality is nor unnatural, it would be enough to prove that the concept is not innate.   	FAVOR
1525	gayRights	"According to the Family Research Council, ""A man and a woman joined together in holy matrimony is the time-tested Ã’yardstickÃ“ for marriage"".  So because homosexuality was not allowed one hundred years ago and same-sex marriage was the only right way that makes it the ""yardstick"" of tradition?  Tradition is not always best.  In many cases, with time comes knowledge and we are able to reform our ways for the better rather than relying on the beliefs of the past.  It could be possible that in the next twenty years a new invention will replace the yardstick, even though now we can't see that possibility."	FAVOR
1526	gayRights	...there's no way they could hav kids w/o adoption. Also, so what if ppl will laugh. That's THEIR problem. They should understand that ppl hav free will and exercise it. Not everyone is straight u kno.Funny Thing: U can sidestep yo mama jokes if u hav two father rofl	FAVOR
1527	gayRights	Gays folks should not adopt for a very simple reason. No American baby, adolescent, toddler, teen, or adult (young or mature) would receive the proper nourishment, values, or knowledge with same sex parents. Also, the Man upstairs made it possible to procreate between a man and a woman. Don't you think we ought not argue with the creator of all things?	AGAINST
1528	gayRights	I grew up the oldest boy out of three, in a Midwest model American home with a   mother   and a father until the age of twelve.  Up until then I believed everything was just as perfect and I would have to say that I was probably at an advantage over most of the other families I knew, simply because of the fact that we were all still a family.  One day my father caught my mother cheating on him with another female.  Now, kudos to both of them because I will have to say they did one heck of a job keeping us three   kids   out of the mess that had been created.  Of course, divorce followed and soon I watched our family crumble into pieces from that day forward.  I knew what was going on, but I never brought it up.  It was a little embarrassing, so as far as everyone else, I was just a good kid going through tough time at home. Eventually, my mother came out to us and it was not different than it was before.  For two-thirds of the time under my parents roof, everything was great.  The last third was a mess!!  Not because, she was gay, or even the fact that I was gay, it was the ugly, messy divorce.  The odd thing was that my father never really met anyone until many years later, but my mother had a   girlfriend   who lived with her.  I am here to tell you now that homes with two parents, any parents whether they are gay, straight, blue or brown, are the ones at an advantage.  For the most part I was better off living with my mother and her girlfriend than with my father, not because   money  , or lifestyle, or anything else.  It was simply because of the single parent home versus the two parent home factor.  It was hell going through all of that, and the only thing that put me at a disadvantage was the divorce.  	FAVOR
1529	gayRights	Actually the word you are looking for is called analogy. I know it's kind of a difficulty concept so I will explain it. Making an analogy is comparing similarities between to ideas. So if I make an analogy between gay marriage and interracial marriage, I am talking about things that are similar between them. No one in their right mind would take this to mean I am asserting they are the same thing.And I know segregation was awhile ago, so you may have forgotten, but the supreme court ruled that separate is not equal. You can't have one one type of thing for one group and one for another. WARNING: Incoming analogy. White water fountains and black water fountains. Straight marriages and gay civil unions.	FAVOR
1530	gayRights	"""Give me a dozen healthy infants, well-formed, and my own specified world to bring them up in and I'll guarantee to take any one at random and train him to become any type of specialist I might select Ã doctor, lawyer, artist, merchant-chief and, yes, even beggar-man and thief, regardless of his talents, penchants, tendencies, abilities, vocations, and race of his ancestors. I am going beyond my facts and I admit it, but so have the advocates of the contrary and they have been doing it for many thousands of years. [Behaviourism (1930), p. 82]""People are not born with a predetermined characteristic. Now, while heredity may play some role in some things (such as cardiovascular health), it hardly if ever plays a role in preferences (even on the occasional occurence that it does, it rarely has an extreme effect). Now, I am not saying that being gay is wrong or right, I am simply stating that the people reflect the environment and the up-bringing that they were submerged in."	AGAINST
1531	gayRights	argument 3: Pologmy in the Bible proves that the complementary theory is not how God sees it.  There is murder in the Bible, there is rape, there is theft but does God look favorly on any of these things?  No!  Just like homosexuality all of these things are condemed as sinful.  Just because it is in the Bible does not mean it is blessed by God or favored, that is terrible reasoning.	AGAINST
1532	gayRights	I'm not calling you names. What did I call you? A Mormon? You are! What am I supposed to say?I'm asking you to try and understand a group of people who I doubt you have previously taken the time to understand. That's it.It's not pointless.	FAVOR
1533	gayRights	" Individual prejudice should not drive military policy C. Dixon Osburn, who heads the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network, a gay advocacy group in Washington, said in March 2007, ""General Pace1s comments are outrageous, insensitive and disrespectful to the 65,000 lesbian and gay troops now serving in our armed forces. [...] As a Marine and a military leader, General Pace knows that prejudice should not dictate policy. It is inappropriate for the Chairman to condemn those who serve our country because of his own personal bias. He should immediately apologize for his remarks.	FAVOR
1534	gayRights	Read the NT in Romans...there are many versus in the NT.	AGAINST
1535	gayRights	I, for one, think it's terrible that you denied who you are. God made you the way you are; who are you to question that? I think you should have gone with your feelings.	FAVOR
1536	gayRights	"Yes, gay people should be allowed to make themselves every bit as miserable as straight people. Why should they get to avoid the endless bickering and squabbling that accompanies ""marital bliss""?;)"	FAVOR
1537	gayRights	un-natural and shameful. And these are some of them right from the sources themselves:        +article+News.Local+20090806160618053053003    /        #    While not all homosexuals do this kind of behaviour history is proving that enough of them do that it is shameful and un-natural.  	AGAINST
1538	gayRights	"Where the fuck do you get off calling me a sick freak for stating facts? I was responding directly to Tingtang2010 when he said ""yeah duh there is no ""other anamils"" that are fucking gay"". All I was saying is that there are animals that are gay."	FAVOR
1539	gayRights	If marriage between a man and a woman were declared illegal tomorrow.  My wife and I would still be together.  We would know who we are to each other.  We would raise our child together.How then is our union threatened by others also joining into marriage.  Choosing, not because of tradition or expectation or law, but because of the purest purpose and reward of marriage, loving union with your partner.The threat to marriage comes from those wanting to join into its covenant, but rather those ready to declare individuals unfit because of color or faith, station in life or their sexual orientation.	FAVOR
1540	gayRights	"Oh baloney, prevents employers from acquiring good talent?  How many times has this been thrown in the public face with absolutly to substance to the claim.I will agree ""Civil Unions"" should be allowed and this would provide the protections under the Constitution, but not marriage, marriage that has been the way it has been for thousands of years.  To change it would be reckless and careless.  Avery bad example to provide our younger population and the world that because you feel you are entitled, that you can dismantle what has been put in place for a reason and purpose.  A reason and purpose that gets loss from generaton to generation. "	AGAINST
1541	gayRights	You shall not lie with a male as with a woman. It is an abomination. (Leviticus 18:22)Therefore, God also gave them up to uncleanliness, in the lusts of their hearts, to dishonor their bodies among themselves, who exchanged the truth of God for the lie, and worshipped and served the creature rather than the Creator, who is blessed forever. Amen. For this reason God gave them up to vile passions. For even their women exchanged the natural use for what is against nature. Likewise also the men, leaving the natural use of the woman, burned in their lust for one another, men with men committing what is shameful, and receiving in themselves the penalty of their error which was due. And even as they did not like to retain God in their knowledge, God gave them over to a debased mind, to do those things which are not fitting; being filled with all unrighteousness, sexual immorality, wickedness, covetousness, maliciousness; full of envy, murder, strife, deciet, evil-mindedness; they are whisperers, backs-biters, haters of God, violent, proud, boasters, inventors of evil things, disobedient to parents, undiscerning, untrustworthy, unloving, unforgiving, unmerciful; who, knowing the righteous judgement of God, that those who practice such things are deserving of death, not only do the same but also approve of those who practice them. (Romans 1:24-32)I understand that I will get a lot of flack for this, but I'm just offering some very clear-cut answers to this question. I didn't write it, but it comes from an extremely reliable Source, and I believe it.	AGAINST
1542	gayRights	The place was not specified, so I choose my state of Virginia. My state just amended it's constitution about three or four years ago explicitly stating that a marriage should be between a man and a woman. Therefore, gays do not have the right to marry. End of story.	AGAINST
1543	gayRights	I think you might find that most if not all of these animals would be considered to have bisexual tendancies, not homosexual tendencies, as I am sure they are still drawn to mate with the opposite sex or are they all extinct.	AGAINST
1544	gayRights	"The Bible claims to be the word of God. Thousands of times we read, ""Thus saith the LORD"" or ""The word of the LORD came unto him, saying...""Exodus 31:18 and 32:15-16, Deuteronomy 4:13, 5:22, 9:10-11 are crystal clear that God did indeed write some of the Bible - the Ten Commandments - with His own finger, with His own hand."	FAVOR
1545	gayRights	And what makes those things you think are evil, truly evil?	FAVOR
1546	gayRights	"Because the way you worded your statement shows that you believe that it isn't ""ok"" to be gay as you were apparently scared of children thinking it is ok to be gay. See? You can't even see the way you think clearly yourself. Gay people are the way they are. They aren't an aberration or a fluke or the consequence of a choice. They are human beings that simply prefer same sex partners AND THAT IS OK."	FAVOR
1547	gayRights	"If homosexuality is so unnatural why are there so many homosexual people? For those who look at it from a religious standpoint: If God felt being homosexuality was as unnatural as you claim it to be, why would he allow it to happen in so many instances? These things should be considered. I don't think anyone has the right to claim that a sexual preference is wrong and that their preference is the one that is ""normal"" or ""correct""."	FAVOR
1548	gayRights	What do you mean it isn't a natural thing? Are you saying that homosexuals choose to be gay? And why then are there many species which exhibit homosexuality?	FAVOR
1549	gayRights	"Man, when will people just understand that we are humans first. Sexual orientation doesn't matter. It... It really doesn't.Instead of asking yourself ""Should gay couples adopt?"" Ask yourself if ANY couples without any moral standards should adopt. Once again, sexual orientation does NOT bear on one's moral standing, those who think so are fools."	FAVOR
1550	gayRights	Why am I a fool for thinking that?Because you are calling an entire group of people immoral for no other reason then that they are attracted to people of the same sex.Because you don't recognize that romantic love can exist outside of a heterosexual woman, and man.Because you believe, without any actual basis, that homosexual parents are incapable of raising a child correctly.Because when I ask you why these act are immoral, your only response is to quote a bible verse.And most importantly you allow these baseless views to interfere with other American's pursuit of happiness by denying them rights.	FAVOR
1551	gayRights	People want to love who they want to love, and we need to butt out. If they aren't hurting anyone, I don't give a rat's behind who loves who and who wants to marry who. For all I'm concerned people can marry their cat if they want to. If it doesn't hurt anyone, what does it matter? It doesn't hurt me if same-sex couples get married. In the end...don't like same-sex marriage? Then shut up and don't get one. That easy. People like Westboro Baptist Church can just keep their rallies indoors. I don't know if you heard but they got sued and rightfully so. 	FAVOR
1552	gayRights	ya. The onlything that should matter in marriage is love. if you can prove you love him or her than you should be aloud to marry (family or relivtives don't count, i doubt many people out there would support that, not even rednecks)	FAVOR
1553	gayRights	"""why homosexuality is wrong that are not religious.""That is because God is involved with everything. You people keep talking about ""the bible the bible"", well if you don't believe in God which both of you don't than the it is irrelevant. This is about God."	AGAINST
1554	gayRights	And what do these gay's teach their adoptees about sex education? I'm sure they do not bring up how is an unatural sexual arrangement, an sin in most the the religious communities.I sure hope they dono't try and discuss it on a intellectual level with 10-13 year old boys and girls. 	AGAINST
1555	gayRights	" Troops should be judged on performance, not orientation Soldiers should be judged on their performance not on their sexual orientation. ""Don't ask, don't tell"" completely ignores performance, judging and even discarding soldiers based on their entirely irrelevant sexual orientation. A good military should be a meritocracy, rewarding good achievement and ability. ""Don't ask don't tell"" fails to live up to this notion, and surely suffers in its quality as a result."	FAVOR
1556	gayRights	Restoring the liberty of homosexual individuals to marry whomever they choose has nothing at all to do with agreeing with their preferences in sexual partners or their lifestyle. Agreement with them is not required. What is required in any civilized culture which claims to value individual rights and liberties is respect for their individual humanity and their personal pursuit of happiness. Assuming an individual is not infringing the liberty of another to exercise their individual rights, that individual is owed to them the liberty to do the same.I must remind those who object to granting liberty to same-sex couples to marry one another that, regardless of how right you believe your viewpoint and values, there are always thousands of individuals in the United States who disagree with your points of view, your beliefs, your values, your chosen lifestyle. Perhaps some of those who disagree with and object to you would see that you lose some liberties to enforce their point of view upon your choices. If you would not have the practice of suppressing liberties because the lifestyle of another makes you uncomfortable become a standard approach to relationships in cultures, perhaps you ought not encourage such thinking by thinking in such ways yourself. You will, no doubt, be forging the chains you will someday wear.If you wish to live with optimum liberty, although you do not owe another your agreement, you DO owe any and all your respect of their liberties. If you do not believe this true, then you explicitly disagree with a culture that holds as its highest value individual rights and liberties. What you truly value is an elitist culture - liberty for some, slavery for others. Perhaps your viewpoint is better suited for a feudal society or one similar to Saudi Arabia, Iran, North Korea or perhaps Cuba.Those dictatorships are always looking for your sort of affirming opinions.	FAVOR
1557	gayRights	you have given me another opportunity to recover more data about alstars...You are interested in KV students????That sounds fishy, bcoz either u must be from KV or You must be having a close cousin studying in KVBy the way, what is KV?Kondom Vidhyalaya?Or Kiss me Vidhyalaya?	FAVOR
1558	gayRights	Ã’The results of the present study, which is the first based on a large national sample of adolescents living with same-sex couples, revealed that on nearly all of a large array of variables related to school and personal adjustment, adolescents with same-sex parents did not differ significantly from a matched group of adolescents living with opposite-sex parents.  Regardless of family type, adolescents were more likely to show favorable adjustment when they perceived more caring from adults and when parents described close relationships with them.  Thus, as has been reported in studies of children with lesbian mothers (e.g., Chan et al., 1998), it was the qualities of adolescent-parent relationships rather than the structural features of families (e.g., same vs. opposite-sex parents) that were significantly associated with adolescent adjustment (Golombok, 1999; Patterson, 2000).Ã“ p. 1895Ã’Across a diverse array of assessments, we found that the personal, family, and school adjustment of adolescents living with same-sex parents did not differ from that of adolescents living with opposite-sex parents.  Consistent with the findings of earlier research (e.g., Huggins, 1989), we found that adolescent self-esteem did not vary as a function of family type.  In addition, we found no differences as a function of family type in measures of personal adjustment, such as depressive symptoms and anxiety; in measures of school adjustment, such as academic achievement, trouble in school, or feelings of school connectedness; or in measures of the qualities of family relationships, such as autonomy, care from adults and peers, neighborhood integration, or parental warmth.  The clarity of results from this broad array of assessments strengthens our confidence that adolescents living with same-sex parents were functioning well in many domains, both at home and at school.Ã“ p. 1895Furthermore, consider the following:Mental Health Issues in Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Communities. Eds. Billy E. Jones and Marjorie J. Hill.  American Psychiatric Publishing: Washington, D.C., 2002.Ã’Hopefully, psychiatrists and other mental health professionals know that there is no one lesbian or one gay lifestyle or point of view on matters that are important to the parenting of children.  Therefore, any lesbian or gay parent must be given the benefit of an individualized assessment as it relates to her or his lifestyle and point of view and how these might or might not impact on the parent's ability to offer the child permanence, stability, a moral environment, guidance, and a generally healthy upbringing.  Of course, to perform such an assessment, the psychiatrist must be able to integrate accurate knowledge and a sound understanding of parenting and the needs of developing children with an equally accurate knowledge and a sound understanding of gay and lesbian parents.  Similarly, when testifying in child custody and visitation proceedings involving a gay or lesbian parent, psychiatrists must help the court understand that there is enormous diversity within the gay and lesbian community, that the testimony being given is based on an individualized assessment of the particular parent, and that the opinions rendered are supported by the information gathered during the process of the evaluation and by a well-informed body of knowledge that has been used to interpret that information.Ã“ p. 46	FAVOR
1559	gayRights	"According to the bible, God wrote the commandments on stone tablets with his own hand yet the  bible was printed on paper.  The Ten Commandments were written thousands of years before the bible was written.  That answers that question.Many people believe the bible should be taken literally. Please then explain the following:In Numbers 31:1-18, God commands Moses to kill all the adult male Midianites and kidnap all the women and children.  The the Lord commanded Moses to kill all the male children and kill all the non-virgin females. Moses then said that the remaining female children could be taken as sexual slaves.And people think Islam is a religion of violence?  So, explain this passage but here is the catch: you cannot say every word in the bible must be taken literally but then write off passages like this as ""parables"" meant to teach us some other lesson.I will never try to tell someone that there is or isn't a God or tell them what to believe, that is a personal choice and I respect those who make that choice. But why not respect others for making their own choices? When one sect of Christianity tells me that members of other Christian sects cannot enter heaven, it is clear that many Christians do not espouse the principles of their own faith.  When one sees a person treat their fellow humans like dirt six days a week but go to church on Sunday and have a ""What Would Jesus Do"" license plate frame, I have nothing but disgust.And do not forget that the text of the ten commandments are also found, almost word for word, in the Qur'an. (""or come nigh to adultery: for it is a shameful"" 017:032)And further more, the first five books of the old testament of the bible is also known as the Torrah from Judaism, written well before the bible.I think like Sid, I treat people as a result of human rights, not because of God's promise of heaven because the wrong motivation is a factor. If you are good to people only so you can go to heaven then you really are doing it for you, not your fellow human being. "	FAVOR
1560	gayRights	I can't speak to policy of any country except for the United States. I don't even know if this is an issue for non-Americans. But more importantly I was rebutting an argument that specifically discussed the issue in regards to the US Constitution, or at least that's how I saw it when I wrote that response. As such I responded to that person's particular point.	AGAINST
1561	gayRights	it's not about whether the parents are gay or straight, it's about how they raise their children, with truth or with lies, open minds or fear. both straight and gay parents are capable of both, their sexuality is irrelevant.during anyone's childhood others may laugh at them for random reasons. the child wouldn't mind having happy gay parents and getting laughed at by mindless kids as much as he/she might mind having a straight couple as parents if they gets divorced or have a drug addiction or are abusive.if a gay child grows up with straight parents, they don't fit in either. he might think he is straight. the mindset would stay with him for a long time, also. and that would be just as wrong as what you claimed.when teaching about reproduction gay parents would have to tell the child where babies come from and how they do so. being gay doesn't mean they will make up some story about how gay people can conceive. they could, but being gay doesn't mean they will. what about all the straight parents who tell their kids they come from cabbages?	FAVOR
1562	gayRights	A child needs a mother and a father figure. If two men adopt a girl how are they going to explain girl stuff.	AGAINST
1563	gayRights	I've heard the 1 in 4 number before, but that is probably taken from non-excluded overlapping samples.  The real number is probably closer to 14.5% for girls and 7.2% for boys.    #bibl1	FAVOR
1564	gayRights	That's funny. One up vote for you ;)	FAVOR
1565	gayRights	"Looks like you blindly took those to garner support.Well I guess looks can be deceiving. Shellfish:""But all in the seas or in the rivers that do not have fins and scales, all that move in the water or any living thing which is in the water, they are an abomination to you."" (Leviticus 11:10)""They (shellfish) shall be an abomination to you; you shall not eat their flesh, but you shall regard their carcasses as an abomination."" (Leviticus 11:11)""Whatever in the water does not have fins or scales; that shall be an abomination to you."" (Leviticus 11:12)A girl who is raped must be put to death:If a damsel that is a virgin be betrothed unto an husband, and a man find her in the city, and lie with her;Then ye shall bring them both out unto the gate of that city, and ye shall stone them with stones that they die; the damsel, because she cried not, being in the city; and the man, because he hath humbled his neighbor's wife. Deuteronomy 22:23-24Selling you daughter into slavery:When a man sells his daughter as a slave, she will not be freed at the end of six years as the men are. If she does not please the man who bought her, he may allow her to be bought back again. But he is not allowed to sell her to foreigners, since he is the one who broke the contract with her. And if the slave girl's owner arranges for her to marry his son, he may no longer treat her as a slave girl, but he must treat her as his daughter. If he himself marries her and then takes another wife, he may not reduce her food or clothing or fail to sleep with her as his wife. If he fails in any of these three ways, she may leave as a free woman without making any payment.""(Exodus 21:7-11 NLT)Is this enough, or would you like me to keep going. Do not forget Jake that I go to church every week, so I know plenty about Christianity.As far as racism in the LDS church, how about we just look to Brigham Young?""Shall I tell you the law of God in regard to the African Race? If the White man who belongs to the chosen seed mixes his blood with the seed of Cain, the penalty, under the law of God, is death on the spot. This will always be so.Cain slew his brother. . . and the Lord put a mark upon him, which is the flat nose and black skin.You see some classes of the human family that are black, uncouth, uncomely, disagreeable and low in their habits, wild, and seemingly deprived of nearly all the blessings of the intelligence that is generally bestowed upon mankind. The first man that committed the odious crime of killing one of his brethren will be cursed the longest of any one of the children of Adam. Cain slew his brother. Cain might have been killed, and that would have put a termination to that line of human beings. This was not to be, and the Lord put a mark upon him, which is the flat nose and black skin. Trace mankind down to after the flood, and then another curse is pronounced upon the same race--that they should be the 'servant of servants;' and they will be, until that curse is removed.""Mormons used this, and other racist statements made by leaders of the Church, as a reason to oppose interracial marriage.As for forcing people to marry, that is exactly what you said. You said that a homosexual could get married, just not to someone of the same sex. This means that if they want to marry the have to marry someone they don't want to. Now lets take the religion out of this, why should we change the definition of marriage for a select few?You want to take religion out of it? It's about time.Marriage is a social construct. That means it was created by people, and as such it is in our power to change it. We now know that not everyone is born heterosexual, but in fact many people are born homosexual. If marriage is defined as between only a man and a woman, these people are excluded from starting a family of their own. In addition, homosexuals make up more than ""a select few"" and therefore it affects millions of people in the U.S. At the same time, extending the definition of marriage to include homosexuals, would have absolutely no effect on the marriage of straight couples. In this sense marriage isn't being changed at all. Homosexuals should be allowed to marry because love knows no gender.Give me a reason why homosexuals should raise children. And I'm tired of hearing about that friend of yours, give me an actual reason. You are the one who wants change you should have to answer my question first.Actually, in most places it was not illegal for homosexual couples to adopt. Then people started making laws against it. These laws were declared unconstitutional, but people then passed amendments. In this sense you are wrong about me wanting the change, however, I will still back up my point.Homosexuals should be allowed to adopt because they have been shown to be equally capable parents through numerous studies source. Therefore, homosexual parents would be a great group of people to adopt orphans, and therefore there would be less foster children. In addition, people should have the right to raise a family. Since no harm is done by homosexual parenting, there is no reason to outlaw adoption by homosexuals.Jake you claim that you do not ""take everything from the bible literally and blindly""? and yet you still fail to give me reasons why homosexuality is wrong that are not religious. I can only interpret this to mean you have no reasons. Therefore you are forcing your religion on others. For someone who claims to be patriotic, this is the least American action I have heard in a long time.Edit:I forgot one more Bible quote. It's one of my favorites:"	FAVOR
1566	gayRights	"The Bible is clear and God did destroy Sodom and Gomahara over the ""unnatural"" sin of that city. Winning this argument on a website changes nothing. The final word is with the creator - (blah, blah) aetheist, no   god  , yeah right. Let's see whose right when you die. Not the time to discover you were wrong. Again, another warning that you are and will be judged. The clock is ticking... tick, tock, tick, tock... I hear the closet calling.Now that's funny..... :)"	AGAINST
1567	gayRights	Definately yes, I grew up in an area that had large gay community and have seen the recklessness of it and the complete hatred against normal marriages. They say that they want to be accepted but they are slanted against being fair to the straight community.	AGAINST
1568	gayRights	Good one but remember there are sometimes a two-side of views in matters regarding these.That adopted child will be affected by his parents and his peers no matter how you look at you.It's not too good to have too much fatherly love or too much motherly love.It has been scientifically proven by researchers somewhere =,=.One up-vote for you :D	AGAINST
1569	gayRights	"OK so let me ask this. How is it possible that there can be so many random cases of homo and bisexuality can be supposedly genetic when there has been no clear findings as to the gene or chemicals (as you talked about)? Also how is it that until this point in my families history there have been no other bi or homosexual males? Your telling me that my family (traced back to 1620) NEVER had this ""recessive"" or ""chemical imbalance"" before? What are the odds of that?!! Seriously if we can't predict the odds of homosexuality occurring, prove the genetic trait that causes it, or find the chemical imbalance then what makes you/or others think that it really exists? Really? You have to come up with a better rebuttal than that!"	AGAINST
1570	gayRights	Sorry, feel like I have to say it again. That's a made up word. Jews were not involved in the creation of this word.	FAVOR
1571	gayRights	If I understand your logic correctly, your argument is that since homosexual's cannot naturally produce a child, they have no right to become parents. Am I hearing this correctly?	FAVOR
1572	gayRights	"Back when the   constitution   was written it was also illegal for interracial couple to marry. Obviously that has changed! We do not look to the past for our values and laws, we look to the present and see if it works for us today. If you want to talk about ""traditional   marriage  "" then we should be outlawing divorce and stoning adulterers (even if the woman is raped, she is still and adulterer). Oh and btw Pologyny is about as traditional as marriage gets and we don't do that anymore either. These lies about upholding so-called ""traditional marriage"" need to end. It is not about that at all. It is about refusing to respect gay couples and their relationship as equal to that of straight people. After all, we are disgusting sinful abominations that also deserve to be stoned to death, right? I beg you, please do not look to the   bible   for your morals. It is a book of evils that tells us that stoning is justice and slavery is acceptable. We have long since moved past that ancient book's ""morals"" and become a better   society   as a result."	FAVOR
1573	gayRights	"That's an interesting way of looking at things, but if I may be so rude as to question you, I am simply going to ask ""WHY do you think you wouldn't be happy?""I grew up with two dads and I would definitely consider myself happier than most. Yet a single case a study does not make. I will, however, say that kids with only one parent or worse yet, NO parents are significantly more UNhappy than MOST kids with two parents...Just a question and a thought, pay me no heed if you wish."	FAVOR
1574	gayRights	Hi SocialistBetty,Thank you so much for your question.  I do not think that Christ would have reacted in a negative way to a gay person sharing His message as long as this person does not act on his/her tendencyÃ‘same sex attraction.  All of us have tendencies and struggles; this is the reason why Christ died on the cross for us.I believe that individuals are more than just their sexuality  and no one should be defined and/or valued based only on a sexual tendency. What  about their character, talents,  interests, love for Christ and other people, etc., etc. I want to share this article which explain what I would like to tell you.Written by: Mike Ensley | March 6th, 2008 The answer that immediately comes to mind is, Ã’Well, yeah!Ã“ We know God loves everybody, but then weÃ•re confused when we see Bible verses that say homosexuality is a sin. What does that mean for gays?LetÃ•s ask ourselves: does God think the way we do? Not quite (Isaiah 55:9). So I wonder if God would even think of people as Ã’gayÃ“ or Ã’straightÃ“ in the first place? Like the verse linked to above says, GodÃ•s ways are much higher than ours. You know, the Bible really never classifies people as Ã’gayÃ“ or Ã’homosexualÃ“ (even though some translations make it seem that way). The Scriptures only ever talk about homosexuality being a kind of behaviorÃnot a kind of person.So itÃ•s more accurate to say that, rather than seeing people as Ã’gay,Ã“ God just sees peopleÃsome of whom have same-sex attractions, and others who have different struggles. And He loves them all. The only question is whether we are willing to daily make an effort in faith to submit our ground-level ways to His heavenly ones .No matter what your struggle looks like, though, it doesnÃ•t have to dictate your identity, actions or destiny. A big part of starting this journey is learning to stop thinking the way the crowd thinks, to stop believing everything youÃ•re told just because itÃ•s popular opinion.DonÃ•t copy the behavior and customs of this world, but let God transform you into a new person by changing the way you think. Then you will learn to know GodÃ•s will for you, which is good and pleasing and perfect. (Romans 12:2)SocialistBetty, please let me know if you have any other questions and God bless you =0)Reina	AGAINST
1575	gayRights	"You need to add the clause: ""as long as it does no forseeable harm to others"". Then it's a perfect answer."	FAVOR
1576	gayRights	"""You Said ""Why do you assume that the expert's experience is illegitimate and just something like a choice to be monogamous?""""I neither said nor implied that. Why put words in my mouth. The ""experts"" experience certainly is legitimate and I have said so in numerous other posts. I do believe that he is Gay but has chosen not to act on it. There's nothing he can do about being Gay just like I could not make myself become attracted to men. He can, and has chosen to live a non gay lifestyle.""But you did say that and I copy and pasted it directly from your post. Here is the complete paragraph again copied and pasted. You said that in reference to me not your self.""If someone such as the expert can choose to be straight in the sense that they chose to work on it and they changed why are they wrong to consider that people are not born gay or have a choice? Why do you assume that the expert's experience is illegitimate and just something like a choice to be monogamous?""For the record I do not feel the expert's experiences are illegitimate at all, just an exception.From the friendships I've had with Gay men and women since my high school days in the 60's, I firmly believe that a truly Gay person cannot change who they are but can choose not to have sexual contact with members of the same sex, just like I can choose not to cheat on my wife if I'm physically attracted to another women, an attraction over which I have no control. As far as Alan being one of the minority who can ""change"", he could be bisexual so maybe he can go either way."	FAVOR
1577	gayRights	"People are BORN gay,cause if we had a choice to be ""gay"" or not,I'm pretty sure i'd remember.So yes,people cannot decide,cause I know a great deal of people who are gay that don't wish to be.If that's the case,how did they pick?And it has nothing to do with race,religion,income,ANYTHING!You just don't hear about the ""upper crust"" as much."	FAVOR
1578	gayRights	"It's sad when comments like this come to light. These types of comments show ignorance about how western   society   came to be and who Jesus is. Western society was built upon the Judeo-Christian tradition. A simple look at the 10 Commandments should be a clear indication the basis of our own laws. There are some Greek and Roman philosophies thrown in, but the foundation of our system of justice is the 10 commandments. Our founding documents mention God and Creator, and many of the state constitutions mention God directly. A   theocracy   is a government run by   religious   leaders, usually of one denomination -- that's what the 1st Amendment prohibited. However, our country was founded by religious men who trusted in God and the Bible to guide their daily lives. And regarding the   tolerance   of Jesus, you obviously have no clue. Yes, Jesus Christ represents love in its purest form, in that He sacrificed Himself for mankind to pay for   sin  . But regarding marriage, God created Adam and Eve, therefore defining the institution of marriage as between a man and a woman. Same-sex ""marriage"" pokes God in the eye and warps His definition of marriage. Do you really think Jesus Christ will tolerate people thumbing their noses at God's institution?"	AGAINST
1579	gayRights	"There's no dispute that a civil union could have the same benefits.  The question, however, lies in the wording.""Even if there were no substantive differences in the way the law treated marriages and civil unions, the fact that a civil union remains a separate status just for gay people represents real and powerful inequality. WeÃ•ve been down this road before in this country and should not kid ourselves that a separate institution just for gay people is a just solution here either. Our constitution requires legal equality for all. Including gay and lesbian couples within existing marriage laws is the fairest and simplest thing to do."" (from the same source cited earlier)Is it such a long stretch to see ""civil union"" become a derogatory term?Starting out with ""civil union"" may bring the illusion of satisfaction.  In this hypothetical situation, once lawmakers confer the same provisions that come with marriages, they could argue that civil unions are ""good enough"", failing to fully realize how a mere word can invite discrimination.Same-sex marriages were already allowed in parts of the world before the 21st century*.  Why do we have to fight for the exact same rights again?*See: Virginia Law Review vol. 79 no. 7, 1993, A History of Same-Sex Marriage by William N. Eskridge, Jr."	FAVOR
1580	gayRights	"Joe, I appreciate you compliments and I hope you know that I really do appreciate a lot of your ideas. As for this argument, you present a very unique perspective. Allow me to respond though.Although it is true that people often want what they can't have, this does not always mean that their demands are unreasonable. Allow me to first use the example of the American Revolution. You will often hear people say, ""we defeated British tyranny over us etc..."" What a lot of people don't realize is that we had it pretty good under the British. We had extremely low taxes, protection from others, and a reliable trading partner. Now a lot of stuff happened but the condensed version is, we wanted more: ""Taxation w/out representation"" and the like. So we had it pretty good already, but we wanted something more: liberty, inalienable rights, representative government. These are the foundations of our society today, but had we accepted what was going on at the time they may never have come to fruition.Another example would be woman's suffrage. The common idea at the time (or at least rationalization) was that women would vote the same as their husbands so their right to vote was irrelevant. This idea seems archaic to us today, but back then it was the accepted norm. Progress eventually won out and woman gained the right that is most necessary to a democracy: the right to vote.In both of these cases we can see how the status quo seems fine to a large number of people because it is what they are used to. Others though, see that there is an injustice occurring, and step up to fix it. I believe this explains why so many oppose gay marriage more than anything else. It is what has always been, why change it. I know you are a conservative, so know that I mean no offense when I say that conservative viewpoints have stood in the way of positive change throughout history. It is not bigotry that kept allowed slavery to continue (although that played a role) it is inaction and complacency.Now we see the same scenario repeated. A group has been denied certain rights and now they are asking for them. You used the word militant, and I have to disagree with its connotations. African Americans were called militant when they demanded civil rights during the 60's, were they just being greedy? Or were they standing up and demanding that they be given what was promised to them as children: that all men are created equal, no different from our founding fathers who stood up during the revolution and demanded their rights. No different then now, where a group of people want to have their love recognized under the law. They want to be part of a nation that allows the pursuit of happiness. I think that your right on one count, that is human nature. It is human nature to want acceptance, and to want equality, and to want a chance at the happiness that everyone else takes for granted.I hope you see why I am upset at those people who prevent these people from the happiness they seek, and why I call them bigots. There crime is all too common, an inability to put yourself in your neighbors shoes. An inability to recognize the humanity of others. An inability to empathize with their suffering in a society that does not fully accept them."	FAVOR
1581	gayRights	Ever heard of separation of church and state? It was originally made to keep the state out of the church... No religious institution should be forced to do anything. Religious institutions are supposed to be houses of freedom from cynical, politically correct, immoral, and oppressive natures of society (and i'm not saying this because i'm a regular church-goer. I haven't been to church in months). If a religious institution chooses not to recognize a same-sex marriage, or anything else for that matter, more power to them!	AGAINST
1582	gayRights	No thanks...That would be like biting a sesame seed. I like to be able to see what I bite and it also has to be clean.	FAVOR
1583	gayRights	I don't understand why anyone is against gay marriage! They are people just like us and by denying them the right to marry whomever they want, we are discriminating! It is just like saying that Jewish people are bad or black people are bad! I think if you love someone, no matter what their gender, you should be allowed to love and marry them without it being looked down upon or illeagle! I really and truly don't understand why anyone would be against gay marriage.	FAVOR
1584	gayRights	"If   homosexuality   is not a moral issue, it's not an issue at all.  (except for the disgusting factor, but lots of things are disgusting).  Science doesn't show any of the things you claim, and ""really, really, likely or pretty strong"", aren't exactly good examples of scientific data.  History does not show us homosexuality was ""fairly normal"", it shows it was around, but it wasn't considered ""normal"".  Back up your ""  science  "" with something other than ""really, really, likely"" studies, and maybe you could come up with a competant point, but until then, No.  "	AGAINST
1585	gayRights	OK, sorry about the misquote, It was not intentional.I liked your cliff, razor blade thing. ;)I stopped reading after the 3rd paragraph because that is not what I'm saying. I think that we are talking past each other.Here's what I'm saying:if a straight person said he wanted a kid who shares his same reality and perspective, that marriage is only between a man and a woman, then that person would be classified a bigot. And it's really a shame because the only thing that matters is the rights associated with marriage, not the word marriage. If the gay community took their rights and left the word, then there would be peace.Check this debate out.                                       Are_deaf_people_bigots_against_hearing_people We should probably continue over there because this is getting way too crowded.	FAVOR
1586	gayRights	Well said soc, and oh, so true!''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''	FAVOR
1587	gayRights	The fact that   kids   are better off with both a   mom   and a dad is questionable, simply because it is a correlation. Sure, kids are better off with two parents. They can appeal to a different parent if one is being unreasonable and there are more people to love them and look out for their well being. Single parents can't pay nearly as much attention to their   children   (I'm not saying that single parents don't still raise fine children) because they have to be the sole bread winner, and depending on which parent was killed, they might not have all of the   college     education   or job skills necessary to find as good as a job. Kids who are grieving are also more likely to be angry, withdrawn, and rebel. This is not any fault of the parent. Kids who are raised by   gay   parents do just as well being raised by two parents of the same gender. I honestly don't think that a child needs to be raised by two parents of the opposite sex. Two gay men might be hard pressed to raise a daughter, but they would do their best, and as long as they were loving and patient, there's no reason that the daughter wouldn't become a valuable member of   society  . All in all, a child just needs parents. Married couples also have a lot easier of a time   adopting  , and I would find it hard to believe that a child would honestly be better off in the foster care system than in a loving home being raised by two parents, regardless of gender. 	FAVOR
1588	gayRights	I am a fundamentalist Christian, I take the Bible as it is written. I also have know many gays and don't think homosexually is a sin. Jesus did not judge gays and taught that we should judge anyone. It is disturbing to me that people get turned off Christianity by a few vocal hypocrites.	FAVOR
1589	gayRights	What is Ã’holyÃ“ matrimony?  What is it that makes it so Ã’holyÃ“?  I assume that to be Ã’HolyÃ“ something most likely derives from a religious purview.  So then, matrimony must be in line with our religious beliefs at some level.  But even if we could widen the net and make a definition of marriage that is conciliatory with every religion, what about those people who have no religion?  I hope we agree that the government cannot impress religious dogma or interfere with the religious reestablishmentÃ‘but if an idea cannot be rationalized through anything other than religious, then it might as well be religious dogma, and therefore it cannot be imposed on the People.  Would the Protestants be happy if Catholics prohibited meat on Lenten Fridays?  What if Christians prohibited Muslim girls from wearing a headdress?What exactly is the Ã’fundamental sexual complementariness of male and femaleÃ“?  Now, I understand that the penis fits quite nicely into the vagina, and that copulation is usually effective for producing children.  And I would not think it unreasonable that this is the product of   evolution  , or the hand of God.  Yet, these design elements serve to carry on the human raceÃ‘to say that man and woman should be together just because their genitals say they should is reading morality from an irrelevant biological function.  Marriage is about love and happiness, and the only way the idea of gender complementariness could dictate marriage is if marriage was meant to produce children.  I know some people believe that is a purpose to marriage, but this wouldnÃ•t be America if the government dictated what kind of marriage even heterosexual people should have.	FAVOR
1590	gayRights	To claim that it wasn't easy or bigoted is an insult to the intelligence of the readers here. It was easy. The issue didn't affect you at all, your rights weren't being taken away. All you had to do was vote, and simple as that, someone's value as a human being was diminished.It was bigoted: what exactly isn't bigoted about denying a group the same civil rights you enjoy simply because you don't 'approve'?	FAVOR
1591	gayRights	Jake said:It hurts families, the more gay marriage the less families there will be, children need a mother and a father to look up to.Good job voting that idiotic statement down everyone. I don't think the source of that idea has been explored enough though. And personally, I believe in humilating idiotic statements as a form of social punishment, so here goes. Hopefully you read this Jake.gay marriage = less families only if you believe that people would choose to be gay instead of heterosexual.that is, you jake, think that someone who is otherwise attracted to the opposite sex, would have had kids and raised them, will now move in with someone of the same sex and not have kids.ignoring for a moment that this isn't all together bad since there are too many people. what kind of person would think that may be the case?I know for myself, being very comfortable in my heterosexuality, I would not magically turn gay because a law was passed. do you fear, jake, that you may magically turn gay if a law were passed?because that is really the only reason for your statement. if you actually think about what your wrote, I mean, that's the only possible end conclusion.and if you do stand behind that statement jake, I have to ask myself, what kind of person would have such a ridiculous fear.and I can only think of one kind jake. a closet gay person.so if you want to come out, which I'm assuming from your statement deep down you do, then this is the place for it. There seems to be a lot of open people here, and at least one very popular openly gay member.it's okay jake, be brave.and if you do choose to not come out, that's okay, I understand it's a cold hard world out there for a gay person. but know this at least. whatever you do, whatever you say, no matter how much you deny it, I at least will always know that, you jake, are gay. and I accept that.	FAVOR
1592	gayRights	Sorry to you and to all who have seen my rubbish and nonsensical posts about christianity and were offended by them. What you said made absolute sense to me and i apologize for what wrong i had done.Especially to those who had their efficiency dropped for no rhyme of any reason.I hope you could forigve me and let the past behind us.One more thing, i do live in Singapore and i have '524493' for my Zip-code and not 52449. I really wished i could add that '3' in to clear some misunderstandings but there is not enough space i guess. :]	AGAINST
1593	gayRights	"""Don't ask don't tell"" traumatizes many gay troops. Jeff Cleghorn, a former lawyer with the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network, a gay-rights group monitoring military justice, said to the Washington Post in June 18, 2004 article, ""In the case of some, they get in the Army and they are traumatized by an awareness that the military is 20 years behind the societal curve."""	FAVOR
1594	gayRights	There you go again. I disagree with you, so i'm a bigot. If someone thinks anyone who disagrees with them is a bigot, what does that make them? (I'll give you a hint, it's a word you just used)The irony is that I honestly didn't give a damn about gay marriage before activists started to attack everyone who disagreed with them. My little sister was afraid to go to school for 3 weeks during the prop 8 vote. I think the problem is that the gay community thinks that discrimination is having people think they're doing something wrong, and that's simply not discrimination. The entire issue of gay marriage is centered around the idea that you want everyone not just to tolerated you, but to tell you what you're doing is ok, and if this doesn't happen, it's discrimination to you.Once again that is the decleration of independence by the way. Life liberty and pursuit of happiness. No one can show me in the CONSTITUTION where it guarantees the right to marry, and that include the tyrannical judges who base their decision based on what they think should be instead of what the law is. You know what that's called, when 7-9 judges (or really 4 or 5, since it's never been more than a simple majority) go against the constitutiont to pass a law they think is right? That's called tyranny. Do you support tyranny? What if it wasn't in your favor? What if those judges said gays should be burned? That's why there are checks and balances. I think the real problem here comes to two points that will always divide this arguement.1) you believe homosexuality is like race: something someone is born with and has no control over. The opposing side believes it is action realted, because someone is not gay, somone is living a gay lifestyle. The problem is a word symantics one. If you define gay as attracted to members of the same sex, than it's a moot point, because that person is not limited in any way. But if being gay is having a relationship with a member of the same sex, than it has become an action, and thus is not afforded any special protection because it is action-oriented. All of this is moot in my opinion because no matter what you still have all the same rights as straight people, but your arguement rests on it entirely.2) Marrying whomever you love is a basic right. This just isn't true. If it was, than what about pedophiles. Studies show many of them are born with these feelings. What about serial killers? We know they're born that way. Obviously these are extreme examples and gays and serial killers are in no way alike, but I use them as examples to show that this arguement cannot stand up legally. And besides, it's just not in the constitution.I am not a bigot. 90% of my friends are gay, and they're my very best friends. If you can pass a law that gives you the right to marry I am all for it. I may even vote for it if people ask me nicely instead of yelling at me. But I have been opposed for over 10 years to people manipulating courts to get their legistlature through.I know you think it's a right in the constitution, or you think it should be. It's not, so make it one! This vote failed, but not for long. By the time my generation is completely in charge, it will be legal the right way. So hope for that instead of bringing down our country's established system with judicial legislation (as if it could sink any lower).	AGAINST
1595	gayRights	God created marraige?There are many people that do not believe in God but still get married.  There are many others who believe in other gods that you do not believe in.  Do they not have equal rights?The bottom line for me is this:  You have equal rights under the constitution or you don't.Keep marriage sacred in your own church and let the government treat everyone equal. Won't that work?Michelle	FAVOR
1596	gayRights	"lessofself wrote:""we have to face it daily that their are people who think it is perfectly OK to engage in the homosexual lifestyle.""This seems to be a common argument. Make a broad, all-encompassing statement which condemns the homosexual lifestyle and then insist it just a sinful choice.This argument is illogical because it assumes that all homosexuals live the same way and believe the same way, therefore all homosexuals should be condemned.Would it be fair to lump all heterosexuals together into one group and then condemn the heterosexual lifestyle based on disgusting heterosexual activity at Mardi Gras?      "	FAVOR
1597	gayRights	"""...studies that have discovered discrepancies in the brain between homosexuals and their heterosexual counterparts...""I don't think sexuality can be just explained by genetics, that would be way too simplistic. ""Some are born gay, others aren't."" What about bissexuals? Do they also have their own brain pattern? What about guys who spent most of their lives honestly liking girls and now honestly like guys? Have their brains changed? Are they ""wrong"", because they weren't born gay?I see sexuality as just a matter of taste and preference, we don't need to explain it biologically the same way as we don't have to explain why some guys (straight, if you want...) like pink."	FAVOR
1598	gayRights	"Most, if not all, of Focus on the Family's ""research"" which they use to ""prove"" that gay-parented families are inferior to straight-parented families are studies of children being raised either in single-parent homes because their parents were divorced or they were abandoned by one of their parents, or of children being raised in ""blended"" step-families.  Such familial situations may very well NOT be ideal for raising children, but poor outcomes from such blended or single-parent families does not by any means equate to poor outcomes for children raised in stable, two-parent, loving, nurturing homes where the parents are of the same gender.The studies of children raised in stable, loving, two-same-gendered parent homes show that such children are equally as happy, healthy and thriving as children raised in equivalent opposite-gendered-parent homes."	FAVOR
1599	gayRights	Homosexuality is just having feelings for someone else. That's not unnatural.	FAVOR
1600	gayRights	While I agree that most obese people are that way because they simply over-eat there are those that have medical   conditions   that make it nearly impossible to lose   weight  . One of my friends had a thyroid problem. She ate right, she was on three different   sports   teams and she *still* could not get down to her optimum size.And if you want to have a civil debate it would be nice if you would refrain from insulting my   religion  . I love God but I'm not a   bible   thumping lunatic either.I personally believe wholeheartedly that being gay is genetic. It just doesn't make sense otherwise. Honestly, why would someone *choose* to be part of a persecuted group?	FAVOR
1601	gayRights	then I dare you to tell that to Elton John. PS Id stand back a few feet when I told him so if I was you. The homosexual movement is based on lies and deception, always has been and always will be, and its obvious we disagree on this matter, and I have no reason to beleive what they are saying now in regards to why they feel that civil   unions  /domestic partnerships are not good enough runs the same lines. You are wrong. The homosexual community said that if   marriage   is granted to them they will not use it to sue churches or push agendas in schools, yet they are and will do just that. And the comment on an adultress only needing to marry the man after he gets a divorce...ludacrious ( my spelling sucks sorry) you advocate divorce so someone else can marry...are you serious that is a sorry excuse and what if he doesnt want a divorce but wants a mistress and visa versa, why cant they just be married and have legitimate,   legal  , and acknowledged mistress on the side who is given all the rights a married woman would have....I dont think Im asking for anyting more than what homosexual couples say they dont have and want right? They are intimate, so were we, they share housing, so did we, they spend alot of time together, so did we, they feel married, we did too. Why should one relationship ie homosexual one have precedence over ours? We loved each other dearly and I would have appreciated some respect and acceptablity in   society  . Wait you say adultry is wrong? Hypocritical isnt it? And as far as your comment about gay Christians thats as possible as a three hundred pound sexy swimsuit model, neither are suitable nor possible, sorry.A discussion of Iowas ssm laws: quote from article The Institution Formerly Known as Marriageby Dr. Jennifer Roback Morse at     /It should be evident that if the purpose of marriage is to attach mothers and fathers to their   children   and to one another, then the dual gender requirement is perfectly permissible. Same-sex couples and opposite-sex couples are not the same with respect to this purpose. The Court had to come up with a very limited understanding of the purposes of marriage in order to maintain that opposite-sex and same-sex couples are in fact similarly situated. end quote	AGAINST
1602	gayRights	"Ummm.Don't really know what you're talking about  because:1.  I am on the side of people being born gay.  (See- it says, 'YES'.)  One of my best friends is gay and he knew when he was about eight, so I don't even question the idea.2.  I wasn't saying anything about being molested making one gay.  I wasn't even talking about homosexuality at all.3.  I was responding to what you wrote when you said, ""last I heard, somwhere around 1 in 4 girls are molested (conservatively) prior to the age of 18 -- if someone has a more accurate estimate, please correct me.""4. Is that a kitten wearing a lime as a hat?"	FAVOR
1603	gayRights	"This is referenced outside of   religion  , since for some strange reason every one wants to funnel the issue into religion.""Marriage"" has been written up and defined as a monogamous legally recognized union between one man and one woman. There are stipulations around this which do not allow a brother and sister for example to marry because of obvious reasons....genetic degradation in offspring. Yes! reproduction comes into the picture here.There is no such thing as traditional or new view where marriage is considered. The components are clear and documented as neither old nor new.""Same sex"" instantly disqualifies the use of the defined term ...Marriage... being that the clearly documented components are already non applicable.The term Union works because the title is open and non stipulated.One solution would be to do away with the term Marriage in vital statistics and documented records and use only the term Couples Union. Include all of the benefits desired such as alimony, dowries rights, insurances,   health care  , tax breaks of a couple etc.If others saw you and noted that you were male and female, it would become obvious that you are Married. If they noted you as being a same sex couple, it would be obvious that you were in a   legal   Couples Union.This is the best that I can offer, but same sex does not meet the criterion of the term ""married"". Traditionally or Newly, either of which there is no such.Same sex people are going to be making commitments to one another and many of these commitments will remain faithful. The same rights should be extended to those commitments on a legal and social level. Not greater not lesser.As for religions.. There should be freedom to express why you don't agree with same sex, but you can't (force) that on same sex choice people. Freedom to choose is where the God of creation is coming from. Freedom to choose blessing or cursing; life or death, but freedom to choose is putting the responsibility upon the chooser. If you wish to precaution in a loving and winning way, your job is then done. You can't exercise force against peoples choices or choose for them.The church has failed hugely by trying to use force instead of winning minds and hearts to upholding it's treasured values. The values upheld by people in the church often become those specific of their choice, and because (same sex issues may be upheld to their values by them) but maybe not financial integrity. They need to uphold it all before dogmatically promoting values in any direction. One disqualifies the other.            "	AGAINST
1604	gayRights	Your makeup has no foundation.Consider yourself disputed.	AGAINST
1605	gayRights	Sorry, buster, but this makes no sense. The evidence has all been refuted big time, and I was raised by my dad and my brother. My mom was a wacko alcoholic who thankfully didn't raise me. Yes, I had an unhappy childhood, but it would've been ten times worse has my mom been there - she's anything but motherly. Now that I'm in college away from my mom, I am as happy as can be. My first roommate, a girl, has been like a mother to me and made a much happier person out of me, but I'm also sexually attracted to her, so try to use your puny evidence to prove which one of those matters!!! And don't tell me that I'm attracted to her only because I never had a mother... that couldn't explain what being one of the happiest people in the world has to do with disadvantages in childhood.	FAVOR
1606	gayRights	Does the truth hurt you that much?	FAVOR
1607	gayRights	the area of evolutionary psychology has within itself those who believe that   evolution   has stopped more or less and that all our behavioral structures were created in ancient history.  these persons are regarded by the reaches of their logic as POP EPers.  the popularized elements of EP tend to lack credibility due to their overaching claims, but when one considers the grand questions that the field at large still considers unanswered one sees that the field is still alive as it has not by even its own admition remotely solved many of the questions which lay open.  perhaps this was a rubutal by Ehrlich against the over reaching conclusions of just some in this arena of investigation.	FAVOR
1608	gayRights	"Now, my view on the topic itself. I have three points:Point one: I am a purist and I want the word 'marriage' to mean exactly what those who invented the word years ago defined it to be, ""A civil union between a man and a woman."" I don't want to change the meaning of the word to ""The loving union between two individuals."" Point two: Just because someone wants something doesn't mean that they are entitled to it. So, no matter how noble gays may be, no matter how important the word is to them, they are not entitled to it.Point three: Gays started this ""war"" by trying to take something they feel strongly about but are not necessarily entitled to. Straights responded like anyone who has had someone try to take something away that doesn't necessarily belonged to them. Gays want to force straights to share the word. But trying to force someone into doing something they don't want usually results in them resisting with equal or greater force.I thus propose that gays create a new word and stop this ""war."""	FAVOR
1609	gayRights	1. I'm pretty sure nature, not God, did intend for parents to be heterosexual couples. Why else would we reproduce sexually? A mother and a father can make a baby, and thus a mother and father are more equipped to raise a child.2. True, unnatural doesn't mean bad. But does it necessarily mean good?3. You have no right to tell me to denounce my religion. I happen to love my religion and just because you don't believe in a higher being does not mean the whole world must think like you.	AGAINST
1610	gayRights	"You are misquoting scripture, bagpiper.  The passage to which you refer says for a man not to ""lie with another man in beds of woman.""  While the meaning of this seems a bit obscure, it clearly is not a blanket condemnation of all same-gender sexuality.  First, it doesn't even apply to women.  Second, there is that troubling reference to ""in beds of woman.""  It would seem to indicate to me that a man who engages in sexual activity with another man in his wife's bed is being condemned here; not surprising, considering that this would be both a situation where someone who is ostensibly heterosexual is engaging in homosexual acts for some reason, and, perhaps more importantly, is commiting adultery in his own wife's bed."	FAVOR
1611	gayRights	Ummmm.......Tamara I believe it was, yeah, she wasn't telling her your opinion... She was quoting scripture....who wrote the scriptures? Oh yeah, God did, thus in quoting Him, she brought His opinions to the table, and I tell you so that you may know it and know it well.  His opinion is one to be respected, he created you.  Deny it all you will, but that isn't my opinion.  It's not a belief, it's a fact.  The evidence is all around you and you only don't see it because you close your eyes.  She simply stated her agreement to the Bible, the Bible which is a set of moral statutes that we'd do well to obey if we want to go to Heaven.  If we don't want to, ok, fine, we can do whatever we want to, but it doesn't mean we'll get away from judgment.  Just because we feel it's ok to steal someones chocolate bar, and it's not against our conscience and we feel it's ok, that doesn't make it right.  So don't be all you have religion thus I don't like you to Tamara, she is only posting her thoughts as is the purpose of this site.  And she isn't imposing, if you don't wanna hear it, close your ears....but yeah, you'll be judged for that too.	AGAINST
1612	gayRights	I don't study the Bible, so I'm not exactly if this is true, but from what I've heard, the Bible defines homosexuality as a sin. If this is true, what if someone who is homosexual doesn't believe in the Bible? What if they're affiliated with another religion? Or no religion? Then, would their personal choice be considered a sin?Many would consider murder wrong. Killing impacts another directly. Choosing someone of the same sex to be a life parter is a personal choice that only directly impacts the two that are involved, and perhaps to some extent, their family and friends. That isn't harming anyone. They make their choices. You make your own. 	FAVOR
1613	gayRights	There are currently about half a million   children   in America's foster care system. Why deny any of these   kids   the love they'll receive from someone who wants to raise them? Love they may never have gotten had their biological parents kept them.Other than the fact that they share the same reproductive organs, a gay couple is no different than a heterosexual couple.	FAVOR
1614	gayRights	so what you were saying about divorce is it is better for a child to witness the pain and stress of the   parents   in the home and most likely suffer from   depression   because of it? you beleive it is better for a child to be in a situation were they do not receive full love from the parents or were the only time they get attention is when parents are trying to get back at one another? oh and so you know according to research in pyschology and child devolpment, it is better for a child to have parents who love them, respect them, and will be able to provide physical and emotional needs.	FAVOR
1615	gayRights	Thank you Kroticfate for coming clean and admitting that what you did was wrong. I'll try and post that for you on the FATE or KROTICFATE debate since we're having computer problem on the site right now. I am proud you did this and I think others will give you the second chance you deserve, as I will. I will now gladly add you to my ally list for being courageous enough to tell us and make it right.	FAVOR
1616	gayRights	"Oftentimes when discussing the issue of homosexuality, a religious argument is brought up.  Basically saying that homosexuality is a sin and is condemned by the bible.  Certainly, if you hold these beliefs you are fully within your right to express them and to practice them.  I am not here to argue whether or not the bible does indeed condemn homosexuality.  However, even if the bible does condemn sexuality I don't see the connection between that and laws allowing same-sex marriage.  Since when has our country been governed by religion.  Our government MUST be seperate from religion.  Whatever you think about homosexuality is your belief and can not be forced upon others.  Laws that outlaw same-sex marriage are doing just that and in turn violating the very freedom that this country loves so dearly.P.S Also, I believe families and marriage can function without procreation.  There are many mna-woman couples who don't have children for any number of reasons.  Whether they are sterile or just can't afford children or simply are happy without children, I don't think they are doing anything wrong and wonder if you would be for outlawing these marriages with your argument that, ""people who are married should have a family and reproduce.""  "	FAVOR
1617	gayRights	"Gay Parenting Does Affect Children Differently, Study Finds-- Authors Believe Gay Parents Have ""Some Advantages""Taking issue with 20 years of research conclusions that say there are no differences, two University of California sociologists recently re-examined data from 21 studies on gay parenting dating back to 1980. The new study by two University of Southern California sociologists says children with lesbian or gay parents show more empathy for social diversity, are less confined by gender stereotypes, and are probably more likely to explore homosexual activity themselves. Writing in recent issue of the American Sociological Review, the authors say that the emotional health of the two sets of children is essentially the same. Leaders of national gay-affirming groups said they welcomed the article, according to an Associated Press story. ""I'm thrilled that they're tackling these issues,"" said Aimee Gelnaw, executive director of the Family Pride Coalition, who is a lesbian parent raising two children with her partner. ""Of course our kids are going to be different,"" Gelnaw said. ""They're growing up in a different social context."" Openness to Gay RelationshipsMet With ""Elation""Kate Kendall, head of the San Francisco-based National Center for Lesbian Rights, also is raising two children with her partner. ""There's only one response to a study that children raised by lesbian and gay parents may be somewhat more likely to reject notions of rigid sexual orientation -- that response has to be elation,"" Kendall said. But Amy Desai, a policy analyst with the group Focus on the Family, said the new report is alarming in its suggestions that children of gay parents might be more open to homosexual activity. ""Kids do best when they have a married mother and a married father,"" she said. A Home With No Dad is Better?The study's co-author, Judith Stacey, is a professor of contemporary gender studies. In addition to pointing out the gender differences in the two groups of children, she states that there are in fact some advantages to an all-female parental team without Dad living in the home: a female couple tends to be more involved in the children's lives and is in greater harmony in terms of parenting approaches. Among the findings cited by the authors: 1. Compared to the daughters of heterosexual mothers, the daughters of lesbians more frequently dress, play and behave in ways that do not conform to sex-typed cultural norms. They show greater interest in activities with both masculine and feminine qualities. They have higher aspirations to occupations that are not traditionally female. 2. In terms of aggression and play, sons of lesbians behave in less traditionally masculine ways. They are likely to be more nurturing and affectionate than their counterparts in heterosexual families. 3. One study examined by the researchers indicated that a significantly greater proportion of young adult children raised by lesbians had engaged in a same-sex relationship (six of 25 interviewed) than those raised by a heterosexual mother (none of 20 interviewed). 4. Those raised by lesbian mothers were also more likely to consider a homosexual relationship. 5. Teen-age and young adult girls raised by lesbian mothers appear to be more sexually adventurous and less chaste than girls raised by heterosexual mothers. Sons, on the other hand, were somewhat less sexually adventurous and more chaste than boys raised by heterosexuals. 6. The studies indicate that sexual orientation has no measurable effect on the quality of parent-child relationships or on the mental health of children. ""These studies find no significant differences between children of lesbian and heterosexual mothers in anxiety, depression, self-esteem and numerous other measures of social and psychological adjustment,"" said the authors. NARTH""s Joseph Nicolosi offered the following comments: ""This paper was authored by a professor of gender studies, so it is not surprisingly that the differences on which she focused have to do with a rejection of gender conformity. Indeed, what she found makes sense -- lesbian mothers tend to have a feminizing effect on their sons, and a masculinizing effect on their daughters. ""But the question is, are these differences healthy? More research is needed to understand how a rejection of conventional gender roles can have not just a healthy and expansive, but also a constricting and negative effect on identity and psychological health. ""And despite what many gender researchers claim, research tells us that the absence of a father in the home is not, on balance, good for families."" Source: National Association for Research &n;theraphy of homosexuality"	FAVOR
1618	gayRights	Sorry, I don't buy that. Life isn't perfect, and research has shown that children are fine with same-sex parents. I don't see people like you clamoring to take children away from single parents or parents with monetary problems--only gays.	FAVOR
1619	gayRights	I like that idea - wow, I think it was actually Christianity that brought that concept, or should I say, Biblical teaching, to   society  .  Look back over history who did and didn't treat people as equals.  Jesus, whether you believe he was the Son of God or just another historical figure, he was shown in several texts (other than the Bible) to treat people equally (men AND women - which was unheard of in the day.Both Hitler and Stalin, self described Atheists, certainly didn't treat or believe people were equal - there were superior people, and inferior people.Mother Theresa Ã treated people as equals.Billy Graham Ã treated people as equals.President Obama Ã he believes those with same gender attraction issues should be given special consideration when it comes to crimes against them Ã i.e. the Hate Crime bill.How about the potential Justice Sonia Sodemeyor Ã she believes giving preferential treatment to minorities is justified.  However, who is in that minority is really up to her.  	AGAINST
1620	gayRights	I like your non confrontational approach and your willingness to accept that people have the right to believe differently than you.	FAVOR
1621	gayRights	"Now, I'm all for animal rights, but let's be reasonable. Cats don't have the same rights as humans! I was exaggerating by the way, and I figured someone with half a brain would have been smart enough to recognize that, but apparently since you don't have even half a brain you weren't smart enough to recognize that. My question still remains...who does the homosexual lifestyle hurt? The answer is absolutely nobody. Or perhaps you are still living in the past where AIDS was called the ""gay disease"" (which it has been proven that it's transmitted just as fast in unprotected heterosexual intercourse)?  Not everybody is a Christian. Stop trying to enforce Christian values on non-Christians. That's the ONLY (and very poor) excuse to deny 10% of the population their civil rights. "	FAVOR
1622	gayRights	"I grew up a Catholic so I had some convictions about homosexuality. Yet I still practiced it. I was later convicted of it in my early twenties and became a born-again spirit-filled Christian. However, I started to recognize that I wasn't completely over my affections toward men, and though I never engaged in another homosexual relationship or sex since I became born again, I have struggled with it.Having confessed that, I also want to point this out too; I never gave in to the belief that it's okay. I will always continue to fight and resist and struggle to gain the complete victory over those illegitimate feelings. I recognize that Jesus Christ didn't suffer and die so that I can live a life as a slave. He promises that who the Son sets free is free indeed. So there must be a problem on my side and with the way I am doing things, and there has been. I've learned that God's weapons are mightly and capable of pulling down strongholds. Don't compromise on this. That's the first rule. God is committed to your complete deliverence in this life. Believe in Him, that's the second rule.Thirdly, consider yourself dead to your old nature and your carnal nature. Don't obey the lust of your flesh, rather subject yourself to the Spirit of God and live for God.I leave you with this amazing tool and weapon from Romans 6:6""knowing this, that our old self was crucified with Him, in order that our body of sin might be done away with, so that we would no longer be slaves to sin;""  (Rom 6:6)Don't stop here though, go ahead and read all of Romans 6 and consider your beliefs and way of living out your new gift of salvation in Christ Jesus.-God Bless"	AGAINST
1623	gayRights	"Separation of church and state precludes ban on gay marriage. It is not congress's job to decide who anyone can marry.  Marriage could be considered a form of expression, and the First Amendment gives us the right to freely express ourselves.  The First Amendment also states, ""Congress shall make no laws respecting an establishment of religion or abridging the free exercise thereof""."	FAVOR
1624	gayRights	"To Setfree,The only issue I would have with your well reasoned arguments is that all of the evidence listed comes from the same book, a book which has a definate bias from the outset. Fair enough, if the stats prove correct it doesn't matter what the authors bias is, the quoted statistics are somewhat unambiguous. I would be very surprised if they held up to the scrutiny of a statician. I have looked around the internet briefly for the studies he quotes in his bibliography and found that one survey (Linn et al 1989) was entitled ""Recent sexual behaviors among homosexual men seeking primary medical care"" and was a study of knowledge of AIDS, HIV and safe sex practises in people who are suspected of infection. (ie why they were vulnerable to it).Another; (seage et al 1992) was a study of patients at AIDS-related clinics and their sexual partners. If the entire sample field is questioned in an STD clinic or doctors surgery, is it maybe conceivable that a large proportion would have STD's? Why else would they be there in the first place? Does he compare this sample to heterosexuals at STD clinics? I imagine he would find promiscuity artificially high, STD rate equally high and probably recreational drug and alcohol use also high.You did however say that there is more sure data so if you'd let us know what it is I'd love to have a look."	FAVOR
1625	gayRights	There's not really a specific   gay     gene  , but there are links. First of all, the gene for fay men is usually passed down through the mother. Mothers who have gay uncles or cousins are more likely to have a gay child. The more sons a mother has, the more likely another son is to be gay. This has to do with an immune system response. Prenatal hormones also have a huge effect. If a girl   baby   has abnormal levels of testosterone in her blood, she will be more likely to be gay. So... There's not necessarily a gay gene, it's more of an environmental thing. People are still born gay, however, and they don't have a choice in the matter. It makes no sense to discriminate against people who have no choice in the way they are. It's like being black. You can't help being black, it just is. 	FAVOR
1626	gayRights	People are not born   gay  . Most if not all the cases of   homosexuality   I have heard of were influenced by a happening in the persons life while growing up Including my own... For me gay   porn   on the   internet  , when I was a child I ran into this and after seeing this I remember being attracted to men. Also as a child a kid my age asked me to touch him sexually and I did being a kid who had no idea how wrong and disgusting this was. Another thing that is believed, I never had a good relationship with my father. And most guy homosexuals if not all that I have heard of have not had fathers or did not have a good relationship with them. Another thing, BIG influence. Being raped as a child I would say probably would not help. I myself was never raped. But a lot of people I know who are homosexuals have been or molested one.	AGAINST
1627	gayRights	Why do people keep comparing   homosexuality   to the Nazis?  Don't you know that homosexuals were one of the groups sent to the gas chambers by the Nazis?	FAVOR
1628	gayRights	"I think you might be missing a logical factor of your argument. You've pointed out there's a 50/50 representation in college. I've taken biology, anatomy and physiology, and a major's worth of psychology classes, and done as well as the males. Science classes are a prerequisite, and women and men are passing them equally. So, since they show the same aptitude for the same subjects on the lower levels, something must be stepping in to select for a career in the sciences.I read an account by a female scientist with two email accounts, one with her initials, one with her name. Colleagues assumed the account with the initials was male and kept that account in the loop with news and rumors; they ignored the one with her first name on it. It wasn't that they didn't like or know her; they didn't like or know the other account either. That's one example of how your career as a scientist is defined by passive discrimination in a publish-or-perish field where your colleagues are all-important. I'm sure how you can see a similar effect might chip in at the grad student level. So if I had a college-age daughter, I would tell her that she could succeed just like the men, but she could expect people telling her that she couldn't do it and trying to undercut her.I also have to argue with your use of ""traditional"" marriage. I know I bring up the Victorians a lot, but go read ""Oliver Twist."" Maybe just the first few chapters. Adults starved and jailed and beat tiny children in the Victorian era and thought nothing of it; children weren't the purpose of marriage, as people claim now. Marriage was all about social and economic stability. Children were just a side result and you only needed one male to survive to be your heir and social bargaining chip. (It's in the Bible; children are not treasure, but a ""quiver full"" of arrows.) Today's view of children as all-important is a modern luxury, not a traditional function.In my view, Western marriage evolved from ""one man with as many wives as he could afford"" to ""one man with one wife whose property he owned"" to ""one man and woman who could keep her property"" to ""one man and one woman who could divorce him and still keep custody."" Marriages also shifted from arranged to love matches. And homosexual marriage was around for the British and French in the early Middle Ages, the Picts, and the Romans until it was banned as a political move. Given the  bigger picture, I see no reason not to bring it back today.Oh, I'm loving this discussion too. You're the opposite of me, and usually such people don't have your calm, for some odd reason. :D"	FAVOR
1629	gayRights	then Christians believe it is sin unless it is inconvenient for them to do so. Why focus on homosexuality as a sin when there are scores of laws laid down in Leviticus and elsewhere in the Bible that hardly anyone pays attention to anymore? You're right to make this distinction between cultic and committed relationships, but I think there's a bigger point about defining sin. Why would an openly homosexual person be denied the Eucharist whereas there would be no problem with, for example, someone wearing two different kinds of fabric at once? It's a silly and arbitrary distinction as far as the Bible is concerned.	FAVOR
1630	gayRights	"I don't know anyone who decided to be gay? How do you know. I in point of fact know a very nice and happy gay man, who was once engaged and has told me to my face that he was a happy straight man, did some experimentation, found someone he really liked who was a man and made a choice to live a gay lifestyle. He said he was happy either way, but thinks this is what makes him happiest.I think society tells way more people that they are gay than that they aren't. And after reading more of the responses on here it just gets back to this absurd point that those of us who are ""opposed"", and I use this term loosely because to tell you the truth, until the prop 8 fiasco in which the gay movement has begun trying to steal the right to vote from me I honestly didn't give a damn, to gay marriage are hated, disposed, called names, attacked, been told ""no intelligent straight man would oppose gay marriage"" as is said on this board, while we on the other side are about as polite as can be.The only hatred I've seen has been coming from the homosexual community. If you don't believe me, take a look at what they've been doing to the Mormons. I honor democracy and I despise hatred and bigotry, and it saddens me that this seems to make me the enemy of the homosexual community, which wants tolerance only for their way of thinking."	AGAINST
1631	gayRights	"Jeff Jacoby. ""Kids take back seat to gay agenda"". Globe Columnist. March 15, 2006"	AGAINST
1632	gayRights	So being straight isn't a choice but being gay is a choice. because being gay is a taboo. Now why would anybody start out liking girls and one day decide I'm going to start liking boys just to be different. How does that work?	FAVOR
1633	gayRights	"Military should not change policy on gays during war. Rudolph Giuliani, a presidential candidate in the 2008 US presidential elections: ""at a time of war, you donÃ•t make fundamental changes like this."""	AGAINST
1634	gayRights	I believe the question is should gays have the right to MARRY, not do i think gays should have the same legal and moral rights and obligations as married heterosexuals. Gays, when choosing to live together can sign contracts protecting their rights, very similar to vows, and can hold their partner accountable if they dont abide by the contact, protecting themselves financially and morally and creating obligations. This is usually legally stronger than marriage vows as contracts are often added to marriages to clarify the terms. I agree that a person doesn't Choose who they fall in love with, but they do choose to act on it. There are alot of gay people out there who have chosen to be in heterosexual relationships for reasons of their own, just as someone else has chosen to go with their desires and follow the path they feel is right for them. Living in a gay relationship is definitely a choice. If a person buys his house knowing he is beside the airport, should he be listened to when he complains about the noise. If your answer to this is no, then why should a gay couple who enter a relationship KNOWING they cannot get married, whine about the fact later.	AGAINST
1635	gayRights	"I'm gonna have to say that it's untrue that gays are ""more serious about it than the common straight couple is.""Every couples is different, and straight, gay, bisexual, open, polygamous, whatever.... it's the individuals involved that make the relationship work. Not the ""mold"" it comes out of.I'd also like to defend Vegas Weddings. They're Cheap, and fun. I actually plan on having one, someday.You're so attached to stereotypes."	FAVOR
1636	gayRights	Can you juts give examples of what kind of things that   kids   raised by homosexual parents would struggle to understand but which kids raised by heterosexuals would find a given!?At the centre of your argument is this disturbing assumption that kids raised by heterosexuals are just better, more balanced in their general deminure, that the homosexual run household is comparable to a ghetto while the heterosexual run household is automatically more of a suburb and hence kids raised there can more easily become the president of the USA as compared to kids raised by homosexual couples simply because the one parent has a penis and the other a vulva. I also find quite naive and absurdthis this assertion that because we are all male we are locked in a certain mode of uniform thinking, that we have the same way of seeing, analyzing and doing things. I differ with a lot of men in seeing and doing things and incidentally a lot of my thinking and behaviour is inline with that of numeous women, which is just a coincidence because I differ with a lot of women in my thinking and doing in just about the same measure. Individuals and their values make good parents not their genitals and genitals do not predispose people to any set rule in thinking or doing things, popular culture and the roles it assignes to the sexes in rearing   children   maybe but not the genitals of the parents.Thre is nothing that you can say about how heterosexual couples see and do things that you cannot say about homosexual couples when it comes to raising children. The disavantages that kids raised in homosexual homes face are all a result of the very unfounded sense of false superiority and entitlement that kids raised in heterosexual homes have which they inturn get from their parents such as yourself. 	FAVOR
1637	gayRights	"""Saying that this country allows oppression is a false accusation? You need to read over American history again. The slaughter of Native Americans, slavery, segregation, Japanese internment camps are all particularly relevant.""Thats exactly why I said ""going on right now"". Do you remember that? Or do you have selective reading? As for the video, I see where you are coming from with the 'fear mongering'. But the thing is, everything in that video is true. If I don't want my kids being taught that homosexuality is normal or okay why should I have to worry about it? I believe that it is wrong. In a democracy if the majority believe that something is wrong then it is fair. The minority can get over it or move to another country. Instead of fear mongering and saying that religion is bad because it will oppress you."	AGAINST
1638	gayRights	"""I don't have to have a complete reason for why someone up or down voted me or anyone else but down voting has been as huge issue for me since I'm the one who got hit. I certainly didn't notice anyone stepping up to say that was wrong before I made the accusatory debate."" I was hit before but I don't care about the points so it doesn't come naturally to me to think that an adult would care about some lousy points. That's why I ""didn't step up to say that it was wrong."" But after the fact I tried to give you some of my points because I realized that they were important to you and they weren't important to me.""People can simply run in and out of debates, down vote someone they don't like and up vote those they do and that is not right!""Yes, that's right and life is not fair. I learned that a long time ago. The difference is that I accept the fact that life is not fair and I learn the rules so that I can bend them. I don't try to change the rules. I guess that's what makes me conservative ;)""The only thing I do not accept, across the board, are those that are ill mannered and can say nothing in defense of their own arguments other than to start the name calling or rag on the age routine.""You are the one that started with the name calling. I guess that's what makes you a liberal ;)""I don't wish to have my cake and eat it too and I do not understand why you would accuse me of wanting that.""I said that because it appears to me that you are not interested in negotiating. It seems that when you feel that you are entitled to something to should just demand it and then you expect to get it. This is what I see happening between the religious right and the gay community. I tell you what I see because it may be of some value to you. I'm standing outside looking in. I have a different point of view. When two blind men try to describe an elephant to each other, and they are standing on the opposite end of the elephant, should one man discard the other man's point of view as wrong or should he consider what the other is telling him in order to come up with a more complete picture? Think about that for a moment because we are on different ends of the elephant and I'm just providing input from where I'm standing in the hopes that it is of some benefit to you. If it isn't, then I'll just STFU because I don't have a dog in this fight."	AGAINST
1639	gayRights	"#1:  I doesn't take marriage to raise children.  It takes two devoted people.  Whether married or not, the child is better off being raised by two.  Marriage is an institution of the Church and the government.  Nothing more.  It has nothing to do with raising children in my opinion should stay out of it.  Over 50% of marriages end up in divorce and in some cases, it can get ugly.  How do you think that effects the children.  HMMM???#2:  Christians can't even handle their own marriages that are under ""god"".  See Statistics below.Ecclesiastes 4:12 (bible) A cord of three strands isn't easily broken.NONSENCE!!!  U.S. DIVORCE RATES AMONG RELIGIONS & NON-RELIGIONSJews: 30%Born-Again Christians:  27%Other Christians:  24%Atheists & Agnostics:  21%3:  Christians couldn't give a crap less about ""children"".  They promote absence only (unrealistic), deny birth-control (irresponsible), and claim they are ""Pro-Life"", (but support religious wars) and to top it off, their ""god"" isn't even   pro-life  .  What happens to all of those children born to people who didn't want them, couldn't afford them, are addicted to drugs, ect.?  Let's put them into foster care or an orphanage.  YEAH!!! Great idea.  And to top it all off won't even let gay or single folks adopt the unwanted children and give them a loving home.  Real nice. Let's not forget all of the whining that goes on about having to pay for welfare by the religious right.  HYPOCRITES!!!  Christians only care about their RELIGIOUS agenda.4:  Million of dollars spent on the Prop 8 campaign by the Christians.  Maybe they should have donated to people who would like to adopt a few of the children that were born into this world because of the irrational teachings of the church!5:  It was once ok to discriminate against interracial marriages according to the Church.  I wonder if that is still acceptable.6:  Gay folks who would like to devote their lives to one another is NO business of the church.  They are hurting no one but themselves. They want to have the right to build their lives with someone they love.  They want the right to put each other on their insurance.  They want to buy a house together, when one of them croaks they want the same rights that come with marriage.  I have NO problem with it.  I do hope that they get the right to marry and show those busybody Christians how marriages are supposed to work!Christians are the ones who undermine the family structure that is best for children.  Keep your bigoted noses in the Holey book and out of everyone elses buisness!!!"	FAVOR
1640	gayRights	The entire concept of sin is ludicrous.  The funniest thing about people that think this way is that they are the pure definition of hypocrite. They take the Bible verbatim, yet they choose what to take verbatim (another discussion if this is a verbatim sin all together) when it benefits but ignore when it doesn't.  For example, the concept of casting the first stone, or the concept that only God can decide right and wrong, or the belief that Jesus supposedly hung out with the dregs of   society   because they had the first chance at heaven.  Those who persecute are the most likely candidates for Hell.  While I don't believe in any of this malarkey, the concept that something which is not one's choice is a sin is hilarious.  Leave homosexuals alone, they are generally nicer and more generous people and closer to the false image we portray of Jesus than any of the finger pointing focus on the family, Southern Baptist morons in this country.	FAVOR
1641	gayRights	"------- ""Firstly the Bible never says David and Jonathan ""lay together"", which supports the cultural view that D&J were not a couple."" -------God (not gays) chose to emphasize the David and Jonathan story in the Bible, chapter after chapter. This exceptional love story receives major emphasis because God the Holy Spirit, the ultimate Author of scripture, intended to give it major emphasis.The Holy Spirit spends more time describing the love relationship between David and Jonathan than He spends describing David and MichalÃ•s heterosexual marriage. The Bible never so extravagantly and extensively describes a heterosexual marriage relationship.David and Princess Michal's partnership was an arranged marriage while David and Crown Prince Jonathan's partnership clearly involved mutual love.    I believe this story, part of Hebrew scripture for three thousand years, is GodÃ•s way of encouraging the modern Christians to affirm faithful, committed gay partnerships. Will modern Christians listen to God?------- ""My second problem is a larger than life woman called Bathsheba (2 Sam 11). Surely if David was gay, his adultery would have been to   murder   her, and chase Uriah, her husband?! His actions with her are VERY inconsistent with those of a gay man, aren't they?"" -------Interesting point, Gay Christian. It helps our understanding if we keep the timeline in mind. At the time of the Bathsheba incident, Crown Prince Jonathan has been dead for many years.The fifteen year partnership between Jonathan and David ended with Jonathan's untimely death in battle. By necessity, David has moved on, taking heterosexual wives, as ancient Kings did, to produce offspring who will inherit his kingdom.Yet remember David's testimony about Jonathan, given years earlier as a eulogy before David's mighty army.""I am distressed for you, my brother Jonathan: very pleasant have you been to me: your love to me was wonderful, passing the love of women."" -2 Samuel 1:26    "	FAVOR
1642	gayRights	" Reproduction is a key function of marriage, not only reproducing children, but reproducing parents and families. Throughout history, regardless of religion, ALL societies from primitive to developed have established some form of marriage to reproduce new generations of people. The fabric of society is woven by marriages producing new families with new children, which are nurtured, educated, and developed by a mother and a father into productive members of that society, who then reproduce, in kind, the next generation, each gender becoming a respective mother or father. To the degree that a society or civilization can REPRODUCE good healthy families, it will prosper. This depends on reproducing, not only children, but reproducing good fathers and good mothers by developing role model fathers and role model mothers. "	AGAINST
1643	gayRights	Are people born gay?  Why would anyone in their right mind get in a detailed argument over intricacies of genetic   science   with a group of people who are still ideologically conflicted about the basic facts of   evolution  ? The essential question here is whether or not human beings have the right to define themselves, according to their own perceptions of themselves.  I assert that we each have that right.Does anyone really think that someone would just wake-up one fine morning and decide to change their sexual orientation to be someone who attracts bigotry almost anywhere in the world.  Being gay or lesbian attracts anger of the morally rigid and the sexually-uncertain everywhere.  Sure there are few people are wired that way, who would choose to side with the under-dog and to be with the outcast. There were a few brave souls who so identified with the plight of Jews. that they wore the yellow star even though they themselves were not genetically Jewish. One of those brave souls was the King of Denmark.  A few white people in apartheid infected South Africa made that choice, but not many.I'd say the odds are way high against gayness being a decision and much higher for it being a genetic predetermination. But, in the larger picture, why does is matter? If a person is gay or chooses to be gay what business is it of anyones?  Why do you care if I am gay or straight or bi or if I had some surgery to look like what you think I'm supposed to be?  Everyone agrees that love is blind. What if it's just a matter of who you fall in love with?  I am almost 65 I I still don't understand why people choose to be in one   religion   or another then assume that they have the right to force-fit everyone into their religious template.  A person's religion is definitely not genetically determined. It is easily, or at least readily, changed. People change their minds about religion all the time. Why should   society  's rules be made to comport with anything as fungible as religion?There are myriad arguments against the fundamental human right to be human.  There is only one argument for it. That it is right.	FAVOR
1644	gayRights	"And they'll also have a lot of ideas that are worse.  As I replied to ""Blue Linchpin"" below, there are a myriad of ideas in the last few millenia that have been worse than previous ideas.  Communism, Fascism, Racism (which is far newer than we are taught) come to mind, but there are plenty of others that show that ""human progress"" is an illusion.  Yes we make material progress, but that does not mean we always make moral progress."	AGAINST
1645	gayRights	"So you define a family as ""a mother and father who love each other(not just care for each other) and for their children."" What happens if the father dies in Iraq? Are they no longer a family? There are thousands of families all over the world who do not fit this definition and still raise healthy and happy children!"	FAVOR
1646	gayRights	Sorry Jake. i don't want you to feel like you're being picked on or ganged up on. Some of these people have really pissed me off and that's not easy thing to do but I have to side with them on this issue...... but only to point. After that, I'm back to fighting them. There's a fundamental difference in their argument that just sets me off.	FAVOR
1647	gayRights	"Your comment above states: ""Homosexual's were given protection from discrimination and same rights as married couples (which is discrimination, by the way)""First, how is this discrimination?  How is giving someone equal rights discrimination?  Who is being discriminated against?Second, if Homosexuals have been given protection from discrimination and the same rights as married couples, then why can't they be married?Have you really given much thought to your opinion?  Give me a legitimate argument for banning same sex marriage.  I think we both agree that marriage is a good thing.  It helps to stabilize society and is an enriching experience for the couple and their family.  So, if we agree that marriage is good, how can marriage also be bad?  How can including more people in a good thing be bad?I know, it is morally wrong to allow same sex couples to marry... Right?  Well, as I said before, that was the same argument used against inter-racial marriage just a few years ago. It's an empty argument and it won't hold up to the Constitution.  So you'd better come up with something else."	FAVOR
1648	gayRights	Well, dolphins are sometimes gay. God apparently made everything but humans were apparently the only ones capable of sin due to that whole apple job a&e;pulled. Something like that anyways.If dolphins can have gay sex without incurring the wrath of god, I'm sure it should be no different for humans.	FAVOR
1649	gayRights	" Gays in the military increase sex-based favoritism Robert Maginnis. ""Gays in the Military Debate"". Human Events. October 4, 2007 - ""Sexual tensions and sex-based favoritism in intimate settings destroy cohesion, whether they involve opposite- or same-sex attraction."""	AGAINST
1650	gayRights	Pyg if you think Joe's comment is kind of true, then I would suggest you use more lube ;)	FAVOR
1651	gayRights	"In short, yes, it's just your friends.  I know several monogamous homosexuals, and I am an extremely monogamous bisexual (supposedly they don't exist, yet here I am!).  While it may be true that as a population, homosexuals are more promiscuous (and I will not concede that point without current data), that was not the question.  The question is: ""Is Homosexuality a Sin?""  If I answer no, does that automatically mean that doing meth is not a sin, because some gay people do meth?  Of course not.  It's a different question entirely.  For what it's worth, I don't believe any of these things are sin, because I'm an atheist.  Some things are just wrong.  Being who you are is not one of them, unless who you are is a serial killer, etc."	FAVOR
1652	gayRights	Homosexuality is no more a sin than heterosexuality...however, any sexual act outside of lawful marriage is a sin.  i don't make a distinction there.	FAVOR
1653	gayRights	There is a Categorical Imperative not to enact same-sex marriage. When you universalize same-sex marriage, it yields a contradiction, so a perfectly rational person would not enact same-sex marriage. In other words, it's wrong.	AGAINST
1654	gayRights	we are redefining marriage so it is presumptuous of you to assume that monogamy is the only way to live. it's my right as a bisexual to be able to be with both the people I love. now how can you argue with this? are you not placing the same meaningless societal boundaries on the bisexual that you claim others are on you?what justification do you have to not allow this? and remember no religion or stupid nonsense taboos. actually as a married woman the idea of an extra wife has always sounded okay.	AGAINST
1655	gayRights	"quiet4no1 wrote:[Romans 1] ""describes same gender sex and attractions as 'vile affections.'""In the Bible, there are a number of passages about heterosexual rape - Genesis 34 and Judges 19 and 2 Samuel 13. No thoughtful person would conclude that heterosexuality is wrong based on Bible passages about rape.Just so, no thoughtful person would conclude that committed, faithful, non-cultic same sex partnerships are wrong based on a Bible passage about idolatry and shrine prostitution (Romans 1). When pagans engage in same sex activity to worship the fertility goddess, that cultic activity never provides an honest basis to condemn committed, faithful, non-cultic same sex relationships.In reality, your conclusion is at odds with the cultural, doctrinal, historical and scriptural context. The context is shrine prostitution - pagan sexual worship of the fertility goddess - not lesbianism and not homosexuality in the sense of loving, committed, faithful, same sex partnerships.      One need not be gay or lesbian to understand that Cybele was THE leading fertility goddess in first century Rome.      The context of Romans 1 is not now and never has been lesbianism or homosexuality.The context of Romans 1 is idolatry and the sexual practices which spring from idolatry.Rick Brentlinger      "	FAVOR
1656	gayRights	According to this logic, then, marriage as a civil issue should be separate from the church.The issues for those in support of gay marriage are civil.  It seems that those in opposition are against the state telling the church what to do.I agree with both stances.  So is it therefore logical to no longer commingle church and state activities with legal church-marriages?  That seems like a fine solution to me.Gays just want the rights of marriage, that being state-sanctioning of their marriage which has everything to do with power of attorney, healthcare benefits, and financial death benefits.  Do those who oppose gay marriage really have an issue with those things?  It is not likely (I'm sure there are some yeses) that the majority don't want other people to do as they will.  They simply don't want their religious institution to be dictated by the state as I now understand it.Brady, thanks for clearing this up for me!  So, can we agree to simply separate marriage as separate civil and religious institutions?  Would that appease both sides?	FAVOR
1657	gayRights	I say, keep gay marriage OUT of religion. HOWEVER, allow it as a legal form of marriage. Shouldn't gay people be allowed to be happy(or gay...lol) as well.	FAVOR
1658	gayRights	Just a reminder: if Prop 8 passes, gay people will still be able to form relationships with their partners.  Nothing with Prop 8 has anything to do with condemning homosexuality.  Supporters of gay-marriage may say all that this is about is 'two loving people getting married.'  But it's not that simple, and to think it is is very naive.  The possible repercussions of legalizing gay-marriage are innumerable and unknown.  We cannot risk to leave these unknown consequences to chance.When you throw a rock in a pond, the ripples extend very far.  Prop 8 is not focused as much on the initial impact of the rock hitting the pond as we are on the ripples that will result.Yes on 8.God bless.	AGAINST
1659	gayRights	"if a man has what ever it takes to make them more attracted to men, they are simply going to find more persons that they look at being men, strike up more amorous conversations with men.  perhaps the ""less gay"" they are they increase the number of women they might date.  but we do know that many persons who are self declared as gay have dated women.  the lessons we learn from them was that they chose to be with women due to standards and expectations but that they only addmit they are gay, to themselves and perhaps others.  they readily report how the shape of a man, his scent and more were always tugging at them without permission.  I am gay and have never sought the company of a woman sexually, I have had opportunity and a flexible mind.  I have fallen in love with a girl as young adult and experiment you might say with kissing.  while i reveled in the intimacy of our kisses as an expression of loving her, I never got aroused by her scent, form or the mere thought of pleasure.  It is like how I will each a brussel sprout to force myself to a better diet but have never taken pleasure in it,  and don't get me started on beets.  I have such an adversion to everything I have experienced from them that I litterally cannot comprehend the words being used to describe them when people who like them as delicious.  I was never scared by a beet, I just taste metal when I eat them, not the sweet I hear so much about.  I choose to not eat beets but it is because I dislike the taste.  since alot of people eat beets is something wrong with me?  only a moral judgement would say yes as it hurts no one that I don't.  infact there are more beets for you.  if we all wanted or needed beets there could be a problem of scarcity when beet crops failed."	FAVOR
1660	gayRights	What I meant by too intellectual was not that I do not believe in reason and presenting good argumentWhat I meant is that when intellectual debate starts to offuscate obvious and simple facts or truth,it becomes a bridge to no-where.The agenda to erase gender for instant is one of these debat to nowhere	AGAINST
1661	gayRights	I meant femininity and you know that. Should I jump on your misspelling of Femininity? Some people are so picky.	FAVOR
1662	gayRights	You right, there is nothing difficult because you and the good doctor avoid the real issue. Describing the physical differences between a male and a female is not the issue. Its about two same sex adults not being capable of giving emotional and experience laden guidence to maturing children of the opposite sex. This being the case it's obvious that the children are at a disadvantage from the situation.A female cannot possiblely give guidence a male parent can to a boy about a boy growing up and visa-versa. It would be exactly the same as having no male influence in the family.	AGAINST
1663	gayRights	I don't think any couples without good moral standards should adopt. That includes homosexuals. If it makes you feel any better that also includes a whole lot of straight people. I believe the sexual orientation does bare on one's moral standing. Why am I a fool for thinking that?	AGAINST
1664	gayRights	Ah, the slavery strawman ... what a waste of an argument. First of all, slavery has nothing to do with this issue. Homosexuality is a lifestyle choice, not innate and not a civil right. There is an overwhelming amount of research and studies that prove   homosexuality   is not inborn. There are few studies that may indicate otherwise, but one has to look hard and with a strong bias to find such indications. People cannot change the color of their skin; homosexuals can change their behavior. My father is the perfect example. He said he was never truly happy in that lifestyle, not because of the negative attitudes toward homosexuality, but because homosexuality was his attempt to satisfy himself sexually. He came to realize the lifestyle is self-destructive and left it. His only regret was that he didn't leave that lifestyle sooner.	AGAINST
1665	gayRights	The movement to pass the ERA was a fraud. All it did was collect   money   for decades trying to get women rights they already had and accomplished nothing. 	FAVOR
1666	gayRights	"Exodus International has put out a call to its membership to come here and support Jeff Buchanan's position that homosexuality is inherently sinful and that the Bible condemns it.  Sorry, but I can't support those concepts.  Much of what I would like to say has already been covered in the excellent posts above, but I'd just like to add that the handful of Biblical passages which have been historically misused to condemn gay relationships have nothing to do with same-gendered persons engaging in loving, faithful and committed monogamous relation to one another.  Rather, they have to do with heterosexual people (men, in all but one instance) engaging in practices such as adulterous behavior with another man in their own wife's bed; sexual intercourse and orgies with temple prostitutes in service of false gods; buying and selling of sexual slaves; males raping other males by way of showing conquest and domination.These are most certainly vile and hideous practices. But they have nothing to do with homosexual persons engaging in committed, loving relationships.  In a paraphrase of an unknown author, ""These are not homosexuals behaving badly; they are heterosexuals behaving attrociously.""God does not condemn loving, committed, supportive partnerships which display and represent God's love for humanity.  God condemns those who abuse and exploit and do harm to their fellow human beings, regardless of gender.  "	FAVOR
1667	gayRights	"Prominent faith-based cases that marriage is between a man and a woman"	AGAINST
1668	gayRights	"""i said nothing about blankets""omg. rofl. That's priceless."	FAVOR
1669	gayRights	Equal Civil Rights are the most pressing issue.  NO gay-parented family in this nation has the same rights as a straight, married couple and their children.  Even those legally married in MA, CA or CT do not have any of the more than 1000 rights, protections and privileges granted by federal law to married couples.  But worse than this is the fact that many, many gay people live in one of the 30 states which do not have even the most basic of Civil Rights protections for gays, such as the right to not be fired from a job or refused employment because one is gay, or the right not to be denied the purchase or rental of a home because one is gay.  These Civil Rights (or the denial thereof) affect gay-parented families even more than they do gay individuals, because an individual might be presumed to be straight, but a couple with children become extremely obvious to prospective landlords, home sellers or real estate agents.  And employers are not in most places compelled to offer equal access to employer-paid health insurance to the spouses of gay employees.  And if they DO offer such benefits, it is generally not of much benefit, anyway, since gay couples have to pay income taxes on benefits paid for gay spouses as though they were part of the employee's taxable income, making such benefits often as costly or more costly than purchasing health insurance privately.  Since many gay parents cannot form a legal relationship to children adopted by or born to their spouse, they also cannot cover these children as dependents on their employer health insurance.  The children will not be eligible to receive Social Security payments if that parent dies.  And if the biological or adoptive parent dies, the children may lose both parents simultaneously, because they may be taken away from the remaining parent to be placed in foster care with strangers.  There are far too many ways in which gay-parented families are disadvantaged by being denied equal civil rights which are granted as a part of civil marriage to list them all here, or even a tiny fraction of them.  But suffice to say that THESE are the ways in which children of same-gender parents are disadvantaged as compared to children of opposite-gender parents -- not because their parents love them any less or cannot parent them as well as opposite-gender parents.	FAVOR
1670	gayRights	Ah, OK, I get it..... you want to have the last word ;)	FAVOR
1671	gayRights	I mean that I don't agree that homosexuality is a natural thing. I believe it is the result of complex emotional and psychological patterns, similar to those that make people hypersexual. And, yes, I am heterosexual.	FAVOR
1672	gayRights	No, I was opposing Jake... there are so many comments, I think that things got messed up, or I clicked on the wrong thing to oppose.	AGAINST
1673	gayRights	It is called life, and in life there are no guarantees. Homosexuality is empirically a perversion, and doubtfully would one chose perversion. The perverted psyche accepts the fact and reacts in different ways and manners, some repulsive to the normal   society   and some pathetic, earning empathy from the normal society. To debate it is futile and only exercises one's frustrations.	FAVOR
1674	gayRights	"This may be a question that many have considered already, but I feel that it's fundamental. If it wasn't natural for somebody, why else would it exist? Why would there be homosexuals at all if it was ""unnatural""? Unless it is some kind of innate attraction, how would it have come about in the first place? Has the proposer of this question yet considered this?"	FAVOR
1675	gayRights	There is nothing wrong with homosexuals and to be persecuted because of sexual orientation is wrong. If a gay couple wants a kid give them a kid. But I think that there could be consequences and pluses. But I think that letting them adopt children would be leading those children into an extremely awkward upbringing. That would make them outcasts. Kids are extremely brutal just read A Child's Machiavelli, everything rings true. Picture your average bully not only picking on a kid because of his looks but now he has a weapon that would make that kid a total outsider to all other kids. Kids find it odd when a kid has no father or mother, or when he/she lives with his/her grandparents or are adopted to a hetero family a kid with 2 fathers or mothers doesn't fit into the mix for a proper upbringing in a peers perspective at a young age. It would all lead down a messed up life for the kid down the road he would be confused with his sexual orientation and countless other issues.But then ,maybe all the toughness would make that kid an even better person than all the other kids that made fun of him or didn't step forward to defend him. I cannot say for sure since I have not had such an experience.But it is a free country and if one person can adopt another person should be able to as well.	FAVOR
1676	gayRights	"1st off, the bible is not hte government, the two should be separate, that is the point of the constitution, if you get rid of the consitution, you kill america in one fell swoop. 2nd, when i was younger, i knew a kid with lesbians for parents. he was fine, it didnt make him gay, it didnt make him anything other than normal. he was just like all the other kids in high school. something you seem to be missing, is that ALL relationships, especially those with children, have one person who take the feminen part and one who take the masculine part. the gender doesnt actually matter, unless you plan on showing your ""parts"" to your child, in which case, yes, they will end up messed up bc you have mentally scarred them."	FAVOR
1677	gayRights	The law of the old testament is not valid anymore. No longer is it to be part of society to kill homosexuals, kill adulterers, kill children for dishonoring parents. We have found that Libery best reflects the life given to us, to live in that. Judgement is for observing life to make decisions on survival, pleasure, happiness. Each is to make these decisions upon the reflection of his own concience, and living true to that. Thank you for your thoughts.	AGAINST
1678	gayRights	" ""Don't ask don't tell"" has been very costly in dollars ""Report: 'Don't Ask, Don't Tell' costs $363M"". USA Today. February 14, 2006 - ""Discharging troops under the Pentagon's policy on gays cost $363.8 million over 10 years, almost double what the government concluded a year ago, a private report says. [...] The report, to be released Tuesday by a University of California Blue Ribbon Commission, questioned the methodology the Government Accountability Office used when it estimated that the financial impact of the 'Don't Ask, Don't Tell' policy was at least $190.5 million. [...] 'It builds on the previous findings and paints a more complete picture of the costs,' said Rep. Marty Meehan, D-Mass., who has proposed legislation that would repeal the policy."""	FAVOR
1679	gayRights	"""Well if that's the case, look up the second   law   of thermodynamics, it states that everything is moving to disorder, when   evolution   says: bang = life and order. ""-eJonesThat is a rather large misrepresentation.  the 2nd law states that the entropy of a closed system increases over time... but the Earth is not a closed system, the Sun adds most of the   energy   to the biosphere (with vulcanism a distant second).""And survival of the fittest? How come apes are still around if we evolved, wouldn't they be weaker and have died off by now?""-eJonesBecause they are well adapted to their   environment  .  Evolution is not a strictly linear process, ancestor species can branch into more then one decedent species... which is to say that modern apes and modern humans are 'cousins'""And matter cannot be created or destroyed according to   the law   of conservation of matter (or mass), so how did all the matter appear on the earth, even the gases that allegedly were there to cause the 'big bang' had to have come from somewhere....right?""-eJonesMatter did not 'appear' on earth, the earth formed from a cloud of interstellar dust (the same cloud that gave rise to the sun and the rest of the planets).  The origins of the universe are not yet known in any great detail... the Big Bang is the current theory, but many questions remain to be answered.""Forty people wrote the Bible.""-eJonesThat is a fairly specific number, how exactly was it arrived at?""How could they be in complete agreement with one another? The writing of the Bible spanned thousands of years.""-eJonesThe most direct answer is that because the Bible is a compilation of religious texts that they were chosen because they were consistent, and that the different authors had all read the earlier texts and were building on them. ""There are no contradictions whatsoever in the Bible. But books written by even one person can contradict themselves.""-eJonesSo if everyone in the Bible was in complete agreement with each other then the OT passages supporting genocide and slavery are still acceptable?"	FAVOR
1680	gayRights	"So I've been reading these points by all and I think we really need to step back and take a ""chill pill"" :) Opposing gay marriage doesn't mean we're ""homophobic"" or hate gays, so let's keep the ad homonym attacks to a minimum. I am opposed to gay marriage for a couple of very specific reasons, but I am in the theater business and of about 30 guys who are my close friends, 29 of them are probably gay, and I love them like crazy!So again I want to say that, to use the debates words (although I think they are a little inflammatory), gay marriage does hurt everyone for the following reason: The prominent justification for gay marriage is that it is a right and that denying it will take away the rights of a minority, similar to the civil rights movement. Using this justification, any religious group that denies gays participation or clergy or marriage will be branded as persecuting homosexuals. The scary thing is that there are some people reading this right now and thinking ""yes, that would be discrimination and homophobia and should be stopped."" I just read a quote:'Chai Feldblum, a Georgetown University law professor and gay activist who helps draft federal legislation related to sexual orientation, says that, when religious liberty conflicts with gay rights, Ã’IÃ•m having a hard time coming up with any case in which religious liberty should win.Ã“'   (an altogether fetching article which says this entire thing much better than I have)Gay marriage is an immediate threat to our freedoms AS IT IS CURRENTLY being pursued. The owners of eharmony.com are REQUIRED to provide gay matchmaking. They have no freedom to do otherwise. Doctors who provide in vitro fertilization are REQUIRED to do it for lesbian couples, even if this is against their beliefs. These doctors have lost their freedom.Now gay marriage DOESN'T have to be this way. Pass legal laws which respect the beliefs of others. As I said, i love my gay friends, and I might be ok with some of them marrying (I say might because of all of these people, I can think of only one couple that even pretends to be serious about their relationship, and I think they are adorable! The others shouldn't marry imo, whether they are gay or straight or anything because they aren't serious, but that's just my opinion and it's honestly none of my business :). So as i said, go ahead and pass the laws, but don't take away the rights of others to believe that homosexuality is wrong, because THAT is what is against the constitution."	AGAINST
1681	gayRights	I see what youÃ•re saying, but if we legalize gay rights then they will be living among us, and influencing the minds of our children in a negative way. So in the end it is in the hands of the Americans. I hate to say it but when a couple is gay they are just experimenting and playing house. Do you honestly think that those marriagesÃ• will last? Then that will effect and children that might have been involved between that couple.  	AGAINST
1682	gayRights	"...but not Christianity.  Religion tries to earn acceptance from God by being ""good,"" which is impossible for us.  I'll try to explain in this limited format...  Christians   believe that accepting Jesus Christ as God's Son and the forgiveness of their sin by grace (which is free to us, not earned - Jesus Christ died for us because he didn't want us to die for eternity, which is the inevitable consequence of sin) is what enables them to go to heaven.  What we do with grace only proves whether or not we understand and value it.  We will sin at times.  We are not perfect in this life, but we are forgiven, and because we are grateful for that, and with the power that realization gives us, we can choose to   change   how we act and treat others.  Christians acknowledge the damaging effects of sin in our lives and in   society  .  Pretending that each person has the wisdom and rational/impartial judgment to decide what is right and wrong based on their own opinions of their behavior doesn't make sense.  In other words, we would obviously have a strong bias in our own favor.  We believe the definition of sin was put in place by God through the Bible in part to illustrate that we are actually incapable of living up to any real code of conduct on our own because we naturally want sin, and need God in our lives to change those desires.  We are all born with sinful desires but also a desire to be good... but God made a way for us to acknowledge the sinful desires (includes envy, greed, gossip, hate, homosexuality, drunkenness, lying, selfishness, pride, etc.), ask God for forgiveness (because our sin is rebellion to his authority over his creation - us), and commit to changing by the power of Jesus' grace and love.  Jesus' example was to love everyone, and that's my personal standard.  Sometimes I fall short, but Jesus is helping me to do better.  Just because you love someone doesn't mean you have to tell them they are perfect, or that everything they do is good.  Acknowledging sin leads us to the only one who can help, and that is its own reward.  Recognizing sin isn't about judging, it's about offering hope.Not everyone will choose to believe this, but God gave us choice.  If he just forced everyone to do what He wanted there would be no value in our compliance.  I obey because He loves me and I love Him.  Unlike us, he is perfection, but loves us enough to forgive our imperfections. My answer should have been ""SOMETIMES."" We are all born with desires to do things that are wrong (sin), and that could include homosexual desires, but God loves us anyhow and sacrificed everything to make it possible for us to change."	FAVOR
1683	gayRights	"""Gays started this ""war"" by trying to take something they feel strongly about but are not necessarily entitled to.""That's the point. They are entitled to it which is why attempted bans of gay marriage will always fail because it flys in the face of equal protection under the law as stated in the recent Iowa Supreme Court decision."	AGAINST
1684	gayRights	"I'm sure that my lack of unprovable statistics and supportive scripture will make it easy for my contribution to this discussion to be scoffed at. However, I have been reading every one's insight from top of this page to the bottom, regarding whether or not people choose to be gay and I just had to   add   my two cents, for what it's worth.  My brother, Michael was a year and a half younger than me. But we were best friends. We did everything together. From the time he was about five I remember people in my family making comments about how  Michael was going to be gay when he grew up. At 5, people could tell. He didn't even know what   sex   or being gay even meant.  To make a long story short, I came home from   school   one day. Michael had stayed home sick. My parents were at work. I walked into the room that we shared together and found my brother, my best friend, hanging from the rafter. He was only 13 and he committed   suicide  . The reason? Well the note he had left on his pillow, which was very obviously stained in his tears, said, and I quote ""I just cant take this life anymore. I have been trying to pretend that I was not gay since I first knew what gay meant. I've tried for years, but I am. Everyone knows it. I hate it. Im afraid people will beat me up or worse. Every morning i cry in the shower knowing I have to go to school again and spend my day being laughed at by girls and insulted by the guys. I wished to God not to be gay.  But God didn't answer. For the few people in my life who know Im gay and still arent disgusted by me, Im sorry if I hurt you. But it hurts too much and gay boys are weaklings. Im 13 and every second of my life is consumed by feelings of guilt, shame, fear, and disgust for myself. The average life span is somewhere in the 70's. That thought of knowing I may have another 60 years of this was just more than I could bare. Mom, dad, and Caleb (that's me) I love you guys and I don't want you guys to have to explain to people that you are related to a fag. I should have done this sooner for you guys..I love you.  Michael.""  That was my brothers complete suicide letter. Does this sound like a person who made a choice to be gay? You could tell from 5 and he was sorry that we his family had to be related to a fag. Debates like this one will go on forever. As for me, you can lay all the studies, statistics, polls, and arguments in the world in front of me. But my brother's very short life is all the proof I need to know that people absolutely have no choice whether to be gay or straight. And 1 more small thought I'd like to put out there. What about child molesters? If being gay is a choice, is being a pedophile a choice too?"	AGAINST
1685	gayRights	That is as far from the truth as one can get! There are no statistics that show that your take on this is true.	FAVOR
1686	gayRights	"""If there's a gene that randomly causes homosexuality in 10% of it's carriers, and it turns out that homosexuality is a benefit to the population as a whole, then evolution applies.""I believe the ""what's good for the group"" model of evolution has been firmly discredited, and is a common misunderstanding of evolutionary behaviour.Firstly, let me address the concept of a gene. What constitues a gene is very subjective, so it is better for us to talk of ""units of evolution"" so we don't confuse ourselves with thinking about genes as a single entity that controls a single operation. Now, in order for homosexuality to be genetic rather than a simple hormone disbalance, we would have to show that there is a significant grouping of genes into a single homosexual unit of evolution, and that this unit of evolution strives to save itself through purely altruistic methods.Now, the general idea of ""what is good for the group"" seems at first to be a possible intepretation of evolution in a larger scale. However, the correct interpretation is what is good for the unit of evolution. Altruistic behaviour appears to be of no benefit to an individual, but obviously the trait to do something altruistic would find it very hard to saturate a gene pool; therefore there is absolutely no benefit in saving another over you. If, however, we think purely at the level of the unit of evolution, then we see that apparently unhelpful behaviours (such as an animal informing other animals of an approaching predetor, whilst also making itself more visible to said predator) can saturate a gene pool if the gene is geared up for saving itself.This means realistically that there are two ways for a unit to saturate the gene pool for a certain unit space; it benefits the individual carrying it, or it causes the individual to benefit other individuals who are most likely carrying the same unit of evolution. As homosexuality lends to a lack of saving ""itself"" (as it wont be passed on), it can only realistically become an evolved trait if it causes altruistic behavior that causes other carriers to be more likely to survive.I know about evolution and I understand all these concepts. The point I'm making is that homosexuality doesn't appear to lend itself to any altruistic behaviour that would benefit people carrying the homosexual unit of evolution. Infact, recognition of other homosexual people in order to better select those to benefit would mean that the other person is also homosexual and therefore less likely to pass on their gene. The main point being made is thus: Altruistic behaviour by a unit of evolution that hunders itself towards units of evolution that also actually hinder their own reproductive potential would be extremely unlikely to saturate the gene pool."	FAVOR
1687	gayRights	As the push for same-sex marriage continues, I believe that homosexual people will find that they are the recipients of  a great deal of enmity and hostility from other people,  all brought on by their political lobbies Ã the gay activist organizations.But same sex marriage is not the goal of the gay lobbies.  Their target is nothing less than a program to indoctrinate the public to accept the idea that the homosexual lifestyle is a normal, acceptable  and  desirable alternative to heterosexuality.TheyÃ•ve already begun.  In April 2006, in Lexington, Mass. a second-grade teacher read a story book to her class about a prince who marries another prince...they even share a kiss.  The irate parents in Lexington tried to get some assistance from the court in their efforts to reject books of this kind from the classroom, but the court turned them down since same-sex marriage is legal in Massachusetts.  WeÃ•ll be seeing more of this kind of indoctrination from the gay lobbies.	AGAINST
1688	gayRights	David killed himself! When you mess with sexual identity you mess with someones life. I think David and I stopped a doctor in N. California that once thought   homosexuality   was ok. My story at   www.hope7.highpowersites.com  	AGAINST
1689	gayRights	"I've never seen an argument for ""no"" backed up by scientific evidence. You'd think they'd notice that, but morons take to bigotry like fat kids to cake. 1. Gays are not confined to rigid gender roles as straights tend to be. The ""outsider perspective"" tends to give LGBT's a more astute view of society, and a frankness that's rare in straights. Give me AN EXAMPLE of how two male parents would be worse than a man and a woman.2. And no, it won't make the kid gay; There is no evidence to support that. There's also no evidence linking homosexuality with pederasty. There is no evidence to link gay households with problem children. Sorry, you're full of shit.3. The adoption screening process is excessive. And that's awesome. It means the average adoptive parent is far less likely to be abusive or neglectful, and they are guaranteed to WANT the child, unlike many straights."	FAVOR
1690	gayRights	"During an episode of ""Penn & Teller's BullSh*t"", Penn & Teller interviewed a ""pollster"" named Frank Luntz who gathered info for Fox News. He admitted that his job was to ask the questions in a way that he gets the ""right answer"". He (Luntz) even got a guy to say that he doesn't mind spending money on education and healthcare for illegal immigrants, but also that the government is spending too much money on them. (video can be found here:          )Who is to say that the (relatively) few people in the poll can represent the views of 300+ million people? A"	FAVOR
1691	gayRights	"It's not hokey, Joe, it is a way of life! I also agree with the quote you posted and try, even though at times it is very hard, to live my life by it:""God give me the strength to change the things I can,the patience to put it with the things I can't,and the wisdom to know the difference."""	FAVOR
1692	gayRights	"""That guy who was engaged then ""turned gay"" was already gay. Society told him he wasn't gay, that's why it took so long to figure out.""Lol, see again, I am flabbergasted that it is impossible for you to accept that someone might have an opinion different from yours.""Please give me an example where society tells anyone to be gay.""One example of society telling someone they're gay? You! You just did! To Joe. If you want another example look at any showing of a gay person on a TV show. If you act like x you are gay.""Please give me an example where society tells anyone to be gay.""The right to vote is being stolen in CA. Twice the majority of people voted to define marriage clearly and twice the homosexuality community has tried to overturn the will of the people by using judges. The pursuit of happiness is in the declaration of independence and not the Constitution. If this is the justification for the right to marry whomever you want, it also justifies everything else you can think of, so long as it makes the pursuer happy. There is no constitutional right to marry whomever you want. Every citizen is equally protected with the right to marry a member of the opposite sex. If you're gay, you have the right to marry. So again, what right are you being denied? Visitation rights are already granted in the state of CA, as are inheritance and all other rights of married couples, es per Gov. Davis in 2000.""Really? So no gay person has ever been killed for being gay?""African American people have killed white people before. Does that make all black people murderers? Of course not. The fact that some nut-case has murdered a gay person before does not make everyone who believes homosexuality is wrong into a murderer. Are you in fear for your life often? If so I am sad, but I sort of doubt it, that's just not the way the world is anymore (in this country). Are you afraid to express your opinion about this topic? I doubt it. I am. If I tell people what I think, I LOSE MY JOB. That's why I post here anonymously :)""The Mormon and catholic churches, but especially the Mormon churches, spent millions trying to deny a group of people a human right""Marrying members of the same sex is not a human right. Sorry. Until you can show me what human right is being denied, I don't know where else to go with this. As far as the donations go, the Mormon church DID NOT DONATE A DIME. Neither did the Catholic church (I think, I'm not positive about them). MEMBERS of these churches donated to a cause they believed was right. They have the right.I have no problem with protests. I have a problem with vandalism, violence, riots, assault, disenfranchisement, and attack of religious liberty (suing to remove tax exempt status of people who disagree with them). I was opposed to it when the homosexuality was attacked and mocked and derided; I oppose it now when they do the same thing to their enemies."	AGAINST
1693	gayRights	I am sorry to say but since the beginning of time the fruit of love between a man and a woman comes out as a child. It is not a question of being for procreation or trying to save the environment through homosexuality. That is way to intellectual of an explanationThe child is from both parents, looks like both parents. The child is in the father and the father is in the child. Same as for the mother. Anyone who go through that experience feels that it is a miracle.For me the issue of homosexuality is wrong. It is no about being different. I do not think that there is a person on the face of the earth who has not stuggled with her or his sexuality. It is not an exclusivity of people dealing with same sex attactions.In my personal beliefs, I do have a reason for this situation. That is not the subject of this post.I do beliefs that men (masculin) and women (feminin) express their love different for their children in a complementary way. We all experience that. Women can see from early age that boys and girls are different.Gender roles are affected by the culture people live in but they are real. People who ignore them suffer a lot in their marriages and learn it the hard way. You can recreate the world to fit you personal views.I think that you are fighting the universe itself, not me.I do not have ill feelings towards homosexuals. It does not mean that I have to agree with you just to please you.On the issue of adoption, it is not on top of the list of the causes celebre like breast cancer or aids and others. The study on the increase in homosexual behaviors if someone was raised in a ss home was made available by focus on the family. I do not have a copy with me. It is available on the web. It does make a lot of common sense since children do imitate what they parents do.  	AGAINST
1694	gayRights	That is exactly the caliber of response I would expect from a homophobic person. Pick a different word? Different from what? Marriage? I don't care if tradition has heretofore dictated a union between a man and a woman because, guess what? Tradition is on the verge of being expanded to incorporate homosexuals as well and it's high time. We are different from the majority of people that live on this earth insofar as we are only attracted to our own sex but we are also the same in many ways if not every other way. In another post I told you that we have already shown you how we are different and you couldn't or wouldn't accept that. I'm not forcing you or the world to do anything Joe. When the final votes are in and tallied and we win, bit by bit and mile by mile...you and the rest will see you had nothing to fear, nothing to object to and nothing to lose. You and millions of others will see how alike we really are.	FAVOR
1695	gayRights	Thanks for the discussion.There are a host of inherent differences, many of which we are only able to specify now with advanced genetic and biological techniques.  Some many blame some of them on society, such as the fact that there just aren't as many women in the hard sciences and engineering as men, even though women make up 55% of the college population.  The differences in how men and women look at the world and evolutionarily have developed is massive, and denying those differences to a child when there is another option is wrong.  While the real world sometimes makes a same-sex couple the best option, removing the ability of society to prefer that optimal partnership for raising children over alternatives is the travesty.The framing of this argument is very important.  One side claims it is one of the last big hurdles to achieving equal rights for homosexuals.  I feel compassion for them and that is a very difficult decision.  The other side, though, doesn't get their frame heard in the media.  I am not against same-sex marriage, per se, but FOR traditional marriage and holding it up as the optimal situation in society.  If society can no longer prefer traditional marriage over any other form, be it same-sex marriage or polygamy, etc, society can no longer prefer the optimal situation for raising children.I appreciate the discussion.John Haidt, a Social Psychology PHD, has a great lecture on TED about the moral differences between Left and Right.  It may help to shed some light on the place that half of Americans come from.  In the end, it is all a framing issue, and having both frames understood is extremely important.      /talks/jonathan_haidt_on_the_moral_mind.html	AGAINST
1696	gayRights	"""According to the doing of the land of Egypt, where you dwelt, you shall not do; and according to the doings of the land of Canaan, where I am bringing you, you shall not do, nor shall you walk in their ordinances.""*I see where you are coming from when it comes to context, yet you forgot verse 4: ""You shall observe My judgements and keep My ordinances, to walk in them: I am the LORD (YHWH) your God.""* This then lets us know we are not to walk in the ways of the world (Egypt, Canaan), but in His ways. That changes the context.I understand and knew about those practices, that they were destructive and the reason that the Canaanites were being purged (vomited) out of their land as well as the reason Egypt has never returned to the prominence it once had as the strongest nation; however, God specifically tells us to obey Him over the world, and what is the world telling us is okay now a days? Engage in sexual practices that would make the Canaanites blush and homosexuality. There is nothing new under the sun.*Verses are from New King James Version"	AGAINST
1697	gayRights	"Here comes the ""marriage"" police - partyÂ«s over........................................................................................................................."	FAVOR
1698	gayRights	" Military gay ban increases discrimination/violence against gays A ban on gays in the military has the effect of legitimizing anti-gay views, as well as anti-gay discrimination and violence. "	FAVOR
1699	gayRights	"Mangueken,I'm glad we agree on the non-sinfulness of homosexuality. But you also said ""Live and let live is hardly a good basis for morality. It pops up in the people who walk by and ignore one person physically hurting another person. "".  I disagree.  ""Live and Let Live"" does not preclude stopping one person from hurting another.  There is no moral law that says one must tolerate gross immorality.  ""Live and Let Live"" is a universal principle, not just my personal one.  It applies not just to myself, but to other as well.  When I accept it as my principle, I acknowledge that EVERYONE has the right to ""Live"", as well as the responsibility to ""Let Live"".  If someone harms another without justification, then they violate the social contract and may be stopped/punished.  Granted, on an individual level, one is not morally REQUIRED to intervene (If one fears for one's own safety, for example), but one is morally PERMITTED to do so.  But on a social level, a civil society is both permitted and required to intervene.  It is for this reason that invading Iraq was a moral thing to do (although not handled particularly well).  But that's another topic.  I reiterate.  If everyone swore the following oath, we would need no other moral law.  ""Everyone has the right to do whatever they want.""  This oath demands that my rights be respected, and also demands that I respect the same rights of others.  In a free society nothing else is necessary.  To call homosexuality a sin, and to try and stop it, violates this simple idea. Sid"	FAVOR
1700	gayRights	Do you even have a clue about the history of marriage? Seriously.Marriage has meant plenty of things over the millenia. It's not about a word, it's about a right. There were those who said blacks couldn't marry whites once upon a time. The same rhetoric was used against them. Gays are entitled to the word marriage just like anyone else because no one owns that word and any connotation that you ascribe to that word has a historical context that has changed over time and will change more over time. Separate is not equal.	FAVOR
1701	gayRights	"""Homosexuality"" is necessarily political in that it is behavior between oneself and at least one other human being and ""politics"" is the science of - at least - human-to-human relationships. Sex with at least one other partner is ALWAYS political. ""Politics"" need not necessarily mean the politics of large groups of humans. It only requires the relationship between two and not necessarily two ""humans"". Indeed, one's relationship with one's pet is political as far as the basic definition of ""politics"" is concerned, as is the relationship between any two lifeforms - same species or not. That is to say, there is human-to-dog politics, human-to-horse politics, ant-to-anteater politics, butterfly-to-flower politics and on and on. ""Politics"" equals ""relationships"" - it does not imply with whom or how many.Sex involving only oneself, because it does not involve relationship with at least one other human being - or being - is not political."	FAVOR
1702	gayRights	I disagree with all points you present.  Kids are hit from all sides, and at the top of the list, is the parents (mom and dad) or guardians (lesbians and gay/couples).  Kids cannot escape either.Kids are hit when they see other parents that consist of male and a female.  Kids at school, once they know the child has same sex parents, will tease and belittle them.Kids in most situations do not have someone they can go for comfort and understanding.  Most humans do not have the capacity to express themselves well enough to help themselves, let alone help others, and this has been with us since the beginning of man kind.Kids have enough problems growing without increasing their burden by forcing them into a situation that isn't normal.  The kids end up suffering, and like most family settings, when done wrong,   society   also pays.Have we had a chance to actually see these   children   in homsexual settings?  No!  The few that we have seen, the kids think their guardians are weird, or just have no respect for them.  This are the kids that were not affected by this strange desire to be together.	AGAINST
1703	gayRights	"Well, the probable reason why male homosexual sex gives more STDs is that you have two factors involved: (1) penetration and (2) pregnancy.As a male, you can't get pregnant, so there's no reason for most contraceptives.  Similarly, STDs have more commonly passed from penetrator to penetratee (though I'll probably have to find a citation for that one).As you said, it is ""just a disgusting joke"" -to you-.  To some people, it's a perfectly acceptable lifestyle.  How can we have your judgment be more valid than another person's judgment?"	FAVOR
1704	gayRights	That kid is so nuts it makes your head spin! LMAO...BLANKETS!	FAVOR
1705	gayRights	I have no objection to same sex marriage. People should be left alone and be allowed to do whatever they think will make them happy as long as it doesn't hurt anyone else.I do, however, strongly oppose adoption by same sex couples. In that case, you're taking a unique individual and placing that individual in a situation in which they have no say in the matter.I'll put this question to those with an opposing view: How many of you have ever regretted NOT being raised by a same sex couple? If you were making the choice for yourself, is it what you would have chosen?My parents were divorced when I was 7. There were many times growing up I wished they had stayed together. Never once growing up did it even cross my mind to wish either would find a member of their own sex so the two could raise me together. In fact, I wasn't all that crazy about most of their opposite sex partners.With that said, the greatest advantage comes from growing up in a loving home, with the two people who gave you life in the first place. Anything else is a disadvantage by definition. From there, the argument becomes one of assiging a value to the degree of disadvantage. That's no easy task and involves infinite shades of gray.Never the less, if it's possible to identify the best solution, it should also be possible to say the farther alternate and lesser solutions deviate from the ideal model, the greater the resulting disadvantage.You can say society should be more accepting of alternate lifestyles, and no doubt it should. That does not change the fact that it does not. You can say a child's peers shouldn't haze them for being part of an alternate lifestyle, and no doubt they should not. That doesn't change the fact that they do.It is irrefutable that it is only possible to produce children through heterosexual means. Millions of years of   evolution   has defined heterosexuality as having the highest advantage for every life form higher than bacteria. In the game of survival of the fittest, that's what works best. A child raised with the tools to form a lasting bond with members of the opposite sex has the greatest advantage, by the only definition that matters. It is what works best in terms of both survival of the individual and of the species.	AGAINST
1706	gayRights	wow, infanticide necessary.  Ancient Greek reasons were varied but it is no different than the reasons the Chinese and US has for aborting and abandoning their   children  .  Oedepus Rex (play by Sophcles) is poetic justice.  The reasons vary but   society   (me and others with a conscience) know it was wrong and evil.  Just the same as some Germans knew it was wrong but part of their ruling society allowed the Jews to be gassed.  	AGAINST
1707	gayRights	"Hi Periannath,Thanks for your reply and the grace with which it was given. But, Periannath, there is an obvious question that lots of people will be asking you right now - ""Do you eat pork?""If the answer is positive, should you not then admit that something certainly has changed between the Old and New Testaments? Also, is it is vital for you as a teacher to find out what that thing is?I, like you, believe in the inspiration of Holy Scripture. But I also see something dramtic happening at Pentecost, when God's people were placed under a new covenant, and released from the ""tutors and govenors"" of the Mosaic Law (Galations 4v1-5).In Acts 15, the apostles acted decisively against a ""sect of the Pharisees who had believed, saying that it was needful to circumcise them (Christians), and to command them to keep the Law of Moses."" (V5) I have the whole weight of New Testament scripture behind me when I say that Christians no longer need to keep the Mosaic Law.So how then does any Christian explain Jesus' words in Matthew 5v17-20. For me, the answer lies in verse 19, and the phrase, ""the least of these commandments,"" because Jesus wasn't actually referring directly to the Law of Moses with this phrase. Instead, he was referring to the commandments that he was about to utter-  v22, v28, v34, v40, v44; Chapter 6v3, v7, v14, 20, 25; Chapter 7v1. Finally, Jesus sums up the morality that underpins the Mosaic Law, by saying-""So in everything, do to others what you would have them do to you, for this sums up the Law and the Prophets."" (Chapter 7v12)Jesus didn't come to ""destroy"" the Mosaic Law- that is certain. He came to ensure that the morality that underpins that Law is fulfilled in the believers life. And what is that morality? I have just quoted what Jesus taught about that morality. It correlated exactly with the ""Royal Law"" - ""Love you neighbour as yourself.""How do you think that I break this Royal Law?Lots of love,gaychristian"	FAVOR
1708	gayRights	Go kill yourself. Gays will soon be hunted down and slaughtered anyway.	AGAINST
1709	gayRights	Majority rule is all well and good ... unless the majority behaves as a tyrant. Tyranny of the majority is tyranny nonetheless and anyone who values individual rights and liberty is within their rights to take action to dismantle such a culture's hold on its victims. One is free to define the characteristics of one's community, provided one's community behaves in a way respectful of its individual members' rights and liberties. No community ought to be free to rule with an iron fist, just as no individual is free to do the same. Right to self-determination does not include right to the determination of others against their will, provided such others are not themselves in violation of your rights and liberties.If tyranny of the majority is what you advocate, might I suggest some locations elsewhere on our planet more friendly to the tyrannical. We will have none of it in a nation that allegedly values individual rights and liberties. In such a society, ONE is the majority and always must be.If religious individuals refuse to recognize the authentic marriage of any two individuals, they are within their right to refuse, however, they are not within their rights to forcibly prevent such a union. Opine all you wish, however, you may not turn opinion into a rope around someone else's neck.You may or may not be at liberty to do so, however, you have never been nor ever will have the right.Of course, because an authentic marriage is one of the heart and spirit, no man can prevent it when those who wish marriage desire it truly. A paper and stamp, law and community opinion are irrelevant in that regard.	FAVOR
1710	gayRights	"""man and a woman joined together in holy matrimony is the time-tested Ã’yardstickÃ“ for marriage""this is simply not true, as is evidenced by the many, many wives of certain rulers of antiquity.  that too was considered ""time-tested"" in its day.  the ultimate failure of many appeals to tradition--which this is--is that it seeks to artificially define one point in human history as the golden standard against which all other periods must be measured, but ignore previous such periods, which are usually in direct contradiction to such a decision, as even a cursory review of biblical genealogy will reveal.the argument as presented amounts to little more than simple fearmongering about some cataclysimic consequences never actually identified yet which are somehow supposed to be inevitable.  this has some admitted rhetorical force, but no logical force, because all actions have unforeseen consequences.  this is known in some circles as chaos theory."	FAVOR
1711	gayRights	Firstly, I think eating meat on Fridays should be illegal. Secondly, many of the things you listed that the bible bans are made acceptable in the New Testament. I do eat pork and shellfish. I do shave. I do wear cotton/polyester blends. The bible does allow me to do those things. But the New Testament does not make homosexuality acceptable. It is still, under all circumstances, immoral and wrong.	AGAINST
1712	gayRights	Actually, Google explains he's married to a woman. His argument is that gays can become straight, even though he has even in this debate agreed they were born gay, through religious intervention and enormous personal effort.His brand of religion, of course. 	FAVOR
1713	gayRights	So are you really saying that a child would be better off in an orphanage than raised by a homosexual couple? I really don't believe that, Jake...	FAVOR
1714	gayRights	"Gay marriage hurts everyone.The phrase ""gay marriage"" is an attack on language, and hurts everyone, as all people use language.The phrase ""gay marriage"" is itself an attack on the traditional meaning of the word ""marriage"". The lack of a clear and agreed definition of a word makes it impossible for people to have a reasonable debate on the subject pertaining to that word.Indeed by confusing the meaning of the word ""marriage"", it makes it impossible for people to rationally discuss it.A new word or phrase should be chosen so as not to do harm to the existing meaning of words, while at the same time recognizing the essential characteristics of what is to be described by the word or phrase.The new practice of what may be called a ""homosexual union"" is new, because it carries with it recognition under the law, which is unprecedented. But separate from whatever legal definitions may be ascribed to it, the failure to adequately name the practice does harm to the established language and its meaning.In particular, the practice of calling this ""gay marriage"" does harm both to the word ""gay"", and to the word ""marriage"", both of which have established meanings in language, and are widely used. Indeed the word ""marriage"" has no synonym which can be used in its place, unlike the word ""gay"" which can be replaced in usage by the word ""happy""; So the destruction or redefinition of the word ""marriage"" is hurtful to the language in a way that can not be easily mended.It is precisely the confusion over the definition of the words which has caused so much apparent disagreement which could have been avoided with adequate clarity and agreement over the definitions of the words which they are arguing over.In conclusion, the phrase ""gay marriage"" hurts users of language by confusing the established meaning of words, making rational discussion impossible. The phrase ""gay marriage"" is describing something new in that it claims legal status. Therefore, one should pick another set of words that do not harm the established meaning of words in use. In particular, the word ""marriage"" has an established meaning, and cannot be easily replaced. The phrase should instead be ""homosexual union"" or some other phrase that recognizes the nature of the relationship, while at the same time not doing harm to the long established meaning of the word ""marriage"". Finally, by unequivocating the meaning of the words used, much unnecessary disagreement and wasted debate could be avoided."	AGAINST
1715	gayRights	"There are good reasons for servicemen to keep sexual orientation secret. As long as they keep their sexual preferences secret, there are no problems. If they expose them, however, problems arise with other soldiers. They often share very close quarters and may make other soldiers uncomfortable."	AGAINST
1716	gayRights	" Gays in the military undermine recruiting/retention of opponents Letter from the American Center for Military Readiness. March 3, 2009 - ""When the 2008 [Military Times] survey asked how people would respond if homosexuals were allowed to serve openly, 10% said they would not re-enlist or extend their service, and an additional 14% said they would consider ending their careers. These responses from active duty members are not exact indicators, but they are significant, especially when major efforts are underway to increase the Army and Marine Corps. We cannot afford to lose almost a quarter of the volunteer force, especially among careerists in grades and skills that are not quickly or easily replaceable."" "	AGAINST
1717	gayRights	The   homosexuality   law is there to stop the behavior if you have the attraction like the   murder   law is there to stop the behavior of murdering if you have the urge to kill.	AGAINST
1718	gayRights	"For what reason? From what I understand, 'marriage' is a social construct. 'Marriage' has not held the same definition since its creation, and it is also different across cultures. In some cultures, men can have four wives. In other cultures, men can have a wife and a girlfriend. And look at this country: until only just recently (the past 50 years or so), it was completely acceptable for husbands to beat their wives. It was a ""personal"" issue, not domestic violence. I suggest reading this article on how traditional marriage has changed over time: What I'm trying to get at is: of course homosexual marriages are unnatural. ALL marriages are unnatural. They are constructs of society. And if the society sees it fit, it can change the rules."	FAVOR
1719	gayRights	"  Evolution theory makes it clear that homosexual activities are perversions of natural biological laws. The basis of evolution is the reproduction of beneficial genes and the elimination of  detrimental ones in succeeding generations -- the ""survival of the fittest."" In our species that requires heterosexual intercourse.  If accidental mutation had ever produced a ""homosexual gene,"" lack of propagation would have quickly bred it out of Homo sapiens.  Thus, homosexuals do what they do because they want to, not because they have to.  That they have a right to do it is no excuse for new laws to force others to approve of it.  Every known human community has had the sound scientific foundation of heterosexual marriage, which we are now urged to destroy for a minority's perverted pleasures.  "	AGAINST
1720	gayRights	"Opposing gay adoption preserves traditional family as ideal for child-rearing. Just as married couples receive tax benefits and unmarried mothers may suffer cuts in welfare, legal prohibition of adoption by gays is a natural step towards this ideal. The traditional nuclear family is still an ideal that should be clung to, and which deserves the protection and motivation of the state. Evolution and nature has shown that the natural development of the young is aided by both these influences. "	AGAINST
1721	gayRights	"I'll help you out with my non-religious opinion. Since the earths creation, even before religion, it has been a man and woman. Same sex couples can not obtain the progression of life ""naturally"". Thus, indoctrinating society to accept something that is by natural law ""unnatural"". Now, why should we indoctrinate society to accept conduct when it doesn't enhance natural progression? Marriage is NOT a fundamental right. The only difference from their equal civil unions is the label of marriage, which is much more than a commitment between two people. It is the formation of a family which includes procreation and the rearing of children. The voters of California have already spoken once to preserve the definition of marriage as being between a man and a woman. It should remain so. We need to evaluate what standards our society want to live by and not a failing judicial system. Civil liberties are NOT civil rights YES on 8 "	AGAINST
1722	gayRights	The majority of the happy and healthy people are raised by a mother and a father. And if one of them dies they are still a family. I believe that families can be together forever and that death is not the end.	AGAINST
1723	gayRights	I choose not to be attracted to married people, to my friends girl friends, ect and so on. THIS WHOLE CONCEPT IS FOREIGN to the irresponsible. The idea is foreign to liberals. perhaps some are born with   gay   tendencies or dispositions, it makes no difference. It's not really an issue. They're allowed to have sex, and live in soceity. They don't want that. They want the right not to be looked at as different than straight people. That's irrational. All who wish that should be shot. we do know that people are raised to be gay. That's a fact. We can raise   children   to be gay. Society can do it, we can do it ina lab. We know this, yet we want to redefine the moral trends of   society  . THE GOVERNMENT WANTS TO DO IT.	FAVOR
1724	gayRights	why not?? they are humans arnt they? they have right feelings for eachother they are loyal so i think they have equal rights of society... gay marriges are ok till they are ligal.......Himali.	FAVOR
1725	gayRights	"That's what I'd expect you to say, and I do not claim that your organization necessarily receives any direct financial support from FRC.  However, your relationship to them is quite plain to anyone who does even the most cursory research.  And your organization was founded specifically to counter the findings of the American Academy of Pediatrics regarding the normalcy and acceptability of same-gender orientation and of gay parenting.You plainly, even from the materials published on your own website, have an axe to grind.Incidentally, for anyone interested, the ""American College of Pediatricians"" also espouses many other ""fundamentalist Christian"" ideas such as the idea that   spanking   is good for kids.This is a group that was founded by ""Fundamentalist Christian"" groups specifically to put forward their specific religiously-motivated ideas into the public forum and give them a ""scientific"" facade.  Their name is so close to that of the American Academy of Pediatrics that people are often confused and will believe that brief quotations with non-specific cites such as the one a few posts above this, are coming from a reliable, peer-reviewed academic source."	FAVOR
1726	gayRights	It's ironic you advise me to relax. I take it for granted some will find what I have to say interesting and even agreeable while others will not. I thank you for making your position with regard to that particular fence clear. As it happens, I have no real need of others to read what I write or to agree with its content. Neither of these are reasons for the thinking and writing involved. Take that to mean your discomfort and/or disagreement is irrelevant to me. Perhaps you are shocked because you are ill-acquainted with this level of discussion. It is an unfamiliarity easily remedied by further experience beyond your usual comfort zones.Perhaps, in the future, you'll find it within you to intelligently address what is being said, not for the sake of the writer/thinker, but for your own.	FAVOR
1727	gayRights	When Hope7 quotes the Family Research Council, she shouldknow that the FRC is ananti-gay organization and their reports on research do not tend to be accurate.  Statistically, most child sexual molestation is perpetrated by heterosexual males by far.  And Angelman quotes the APA recent article which repeated their previous reports that they do nto recommend trying to   change   sexual orientation because it can do more harm than good.  But they did sya that if a gay person, for relilgious reasons, cannot accept being gay,  the therapists can ethically try to hep them accept themselves and to learn ways to remain celebate.  But they do not recommend trying to change sexual orientation.	FAVOR
1728	gayRights	"What research? The title of this section implies that some kind of research will be cited. Instead, all we get is a series of statements like ""reseach indicates"" and ""researchers find."" This whole argument lacks substance."	FAVOR
1729	gayRights	Refer to all Civil Unions as such and let Churches use the term marriage. The only discrimination would come from churches and that's going to happen no matter what you call it. I simply don't agree with your objections.	FAVOR
1730	gayRights	"""Don't ask don't tell"" does not actively pursue gays. Letter from the American Center for Military Readiness. March 3, 2009 - ""Don't ask don't tell was formulated in response to President Clinton's direction to the secretary of defense to find a way to enable homosexuals who wish to serve to do so. The policy removed the question: 'are you homosexual?' from the uniformed services enlistment application form ('don't ask'); asserted that open admission of homosexuality or homosexual conduct were a basis for discharge ('don't tell'); and charged military leaders not to pursue suspected homosexuals without clear evidence of conduct or open admissions."" "	AGAINST
1731	gayRights	that only says whether gay sex is usefull for procreation - nothing about its morality	FAVOR
1732	gayRights	That is an interesting hypothesis... but the evidence does not support your claims, rather it shows that   children   in same sex families are as well adjusted as those in heterosexual families.	FAVOR
1733	gayRights	"Matthew 19 is Jesus answering a direct question from the pharisees which they framed specifically regarding a man divorcing his wife:Matthew 19:3 (NIV)Some Pharisees came to him to test him. They asked, ""Is it lawful for a man to divorce his wife for any and every reason?""Of COURSE he addressed this question regarding heterosexual people marrying and divorcing in terms of husbands and wives.  You think he would talk about two men in response to this question?  Or two women?  Ridiculous.He went on, though, later in that same chapter, to discuss ""Eunuchs who were born that way,"" which many scholars believe was a common manner of referring to men who did not prefer to have sexual relations with women.  He discusses such men in Matthew 19:12, and does not condemn them."	FAVOR
1734	gayRights	"You also don't become gay from ""influences from your peers and society."" There is at this point more evidence that supports biological and genetic reasons for a person being homosexual. (Identical twins are considerably more likely to have the same sexual orientation, sexual preference can be changed in rats, fruit flies, and other animals with simpler minds, a gay man's brain has characteristics that look more like a straight female""s, and so on and so on.) However, sexuality is one of the most complex psychological processes of humanity and thus there is not a conclusive answer on the whole nature vs. nurture argument. So basically your statement is ""unfounded"" as well."	FAVOR
1735	gayRights	For background's sake. I was raised a Christian and my credentials are excellent. I am very well versed on the 10 commandments, old and new testament, as well as most things Christian. My family has many members who have devoted their lives to serve their   religion   and are placed very highly in the Church. Now that this is established, please be careful when you attack people for their ignorance. What comes out when you attack like this is that it reveals your ignorance and anger. Clarity of mind only comes when calm. I wanted to comment that although our Western   society   has based its legal system on the Judeo-Christian faiths, it does not mean that it was right or that it should be so or be imposed on citizens. We live in a world of many belief systems and we cannot choose one   faith   over another. The best choice for civil society is to choose laws based on   tolerance   and respect. Individuals can choose their gods and live by their belief systems at home. No one will impede on those rights. At least it gives an equal chance for everyone to live free from fear.As for God being written into our constitutions and courts of law. I believe it is a grave error. It is a North American and not a European tradition. The French revolution got rid of God in its civil society to create a clear separation of church and state. The state doe snot have any allegiances other than to its citizens. So to put the debate back to same sex marriages, if one desires to be married to a partner of same sex than by all means please do. You don't have too. That is true freedom. God will one judge you. You are not God so please do not judge others. You are not responsible for the   soul   of others. 	FAVOR
1736	gayRights	Like you ever try to have a logical debate.................................	FAVOR
1737	gayRights	"Marriage is a ritual centered on the bond between two people and their commitment to each other"	FAVOR
1738	gayRights	Focus on the Family has completely missed the point here.  In most adoption cases living with the biological parents is impossible due to the parents being physically or psychologically able to care for the child.  In a perfect world every child would have loving parents, a warm home, and plenty of food.  Unfortunately we don't live in a perfect world.	FAVOR
1739	gayRights	"For me, the most consistent, honest understanding of all the clobber passages is that the Bible is addressing shrine prostitution, not committed, faithful, non-cultic same sex partnerships.That being so, there are NO Biblical passages which condemn committed, faithful, non-cultic same sex partnerships.Only by taking the clobber passages out of their cultural, doctrinal, historical, linguistic and religious context can they be made to condemn two gay men who love each other or two lesbian women who love each other and want to spend their lives together.Talking to anti-gay Christians can be frustrating because they ping pong back and forth between equally inconsistent arguments.They will admit that, in context, none of the clobber passages is NOT talking about committed, faithful, non-cultic same sex partnerships.Then they ping pong back to their Complementarian argument, that since God originally created Adam and Eve, that ""proves"" God could never affirm Adam and Steve.    When it is pointed out that Adam and Eve (one man with one woman for life) did NOT indicate God's prohibition of polygamy (notice Genesis 4:19 where the first polygamous marriage occurs and Deuteronomy 21:15 where God makes provision for inheritance in polygamous marriage situations) anti-gay Christians then ping pong back to the clobber passages and opine that it is ""clear"" that God is talking about homosexuality, even though they previously admitted that the context is shrine prostitution, NOT a committed, faithful, non-cultic same sex partnership.Ah, the joys of debating the Bible with the brethren...Rick Brentlinger    "	FAVOR
1740	gayRights	Heterosexuality isn't sinful in marriage. Do you believe homosexual marriages are Scriptural?	AGAINST
1741	gayRights	 I was very active in the gay comminity for 14 years. There was 4 years I didn't care who I took home from the gay bars.I marched in the gay pride parade, I attended Metropolitian Community Church In time their sunday school department asked me to teach some of their kids. During thids time I met a woman who was willing to help me in the gay sunday school class. Our relationship lasted nine years. We even had the gay marriage. I thought I had the best of everything I could worship God in a gay church, teach kids about Jesus, and love a woman. While I taught SUnday School at the gay church, I asked God to remove my alcohol problem that I had. He took the desire to drink away from me. Later  my lover and I moved from Ca. to Ill. We told the  church we attended we were just sisters. After attending a Louis Palau Cursade in the early '90's, my partner told me she thought our relationship was wrong in God' eyes. I was really taken by surprise,and didn't know what to do. She made plans to move out. I had a choice, but going back to the bars would have been like dying. In my belief that God is bigger than me I began reading the Bible, and asking Him for help.  I met Jesus at the well, in John 4-The Samaritian Woman. I continued to read and seek God's will, I came to the conclusion that homosexuality was a sin in God's eyes, and I asked him to remove it from me, and I repented of my sinful ways. There was peace and healing when I let God be in control. All of us have sinned and fall short of the Glory of God, only when we repent of the sin and ask God for forgiveness can we have peace. In 1 Corinthians 6 there are a list of things that God calls sin. There is also hope, because that is what some of us were. 	AGAINST
1742	gayRights	I need show you nothing but what the topic is on this debate. Do you not comprehend what is mannerly and orderly? You have said some very despicable things about Christianity. It's up to you to research your remarks before you make them and it's not my job to educate you in such things. You're the person who needs to explain themselves not I.	AGAINST
1743	gayRights	"I believe you are the person who changed the topic when you gave your vulgar thoughts on Christianity and those who believe in it very strongly. As to your points, they are highly suspect. Oh, now you don't practice Buddhism? Earlier, you did. My, oh my, things happen very quickly in Oz.You were not showing the difference between the two belief systems, not at all. I do not believe you have the capacity to show them and present them in a mannerly and organized fashion. You are a ""master"" at nothing other than the smoke and mirror show.I've been here for a fair amount of time and know a bit about the way people up vote and down vote. Never take any of the regulars here for fools...for if you do, you'll fall into your own trap and be the worse for it. You mistake truth for hostility and that will dilute any Karma you have obtained, if any."	FAVOR
1744	gayRights	I'm waiting for Exodus International to offer services to those unhappy with their straightness. If one can stop being straight, it should also be easy to help those who wish to become bisexual, gay, or asexual, no? 	FAVOR
1745	gayRights	"Yes, I understand what you're saying and I agree that ideally that would be the best thing to do. But I'm saying it's not practical to do that because people would go apeshit if we replaced the word ""marriage"" with ""civil union"" everywhere. They'd say we were ""undermining the Christian foundations of our nation."" They'd say we were ""demeaning a fundamental pillar of society."" They'd say it was ""political correctness run amok."" It would never get done. Legalizing gay marriage is the easier way to achieve equality."	FAVOR
1746	gayRights	But if more people start turning gay then in 20 years where is humanity , about 30% of people would be gay then add another 20 years onto that,60% of everyone is gay and so on,look at the future not the present after about 100 years ''That's going to break mankind.'' more and more people are turning gay it's fine if you want be gay just have your own country where people are gaying it up and let the right minded people live there lives without disgusting homos interupting it, its the work of satan when people turn gay,so why? GAY GUY:Hey buddy can I touch your weiner,GAY GUY 2:sure lets get it on? why? That is so disgusting and thats why now only 3% of the world is gay because its nasty,but more people are becoming gay because of satan ? That will break mankind!	AGAINST
1747	gayRights	"1a) First, spousal abuse is taken very seriously. Second, how in the world would two dudes getting married cause people to take spousal abuse less seriously? There's no connection there.1b) Two men have vastly superior earning potential. Ok. So what?1c) ""The protection of spousal support"" What does this even mean?2) ""now anything else is SOMETHING ELSE"" Um... you've got me there... lol4) I'm swinging nothing, madam. Gay marriage is not a right. Regular marriage also is not a right. Does that mean regular marriage should be illegal?5) But religion is the reason people are saying no to gay marriage. I see no other reason to oppose it. I will admit that I do take some pleasure in f'ing with you :) However, I also feel strongly that gays should be allowed to marry and I am honestly trying to persuade you that I am right.6) Divorce and gay marriage are two separate issues. I agree that divorce hurts people. But I still don't see how gay marriage hurts anyone."	FAVOR
1748	gayRights	As someone who knows someone with homosexual parents I can tell you with a great degree of certainty that:You are dead wrongYou also make the assumption that homosexuality is wrong when you say:He might think this is alright if he is gay tooOf course he/she will think this, because being gay is alright, and the only reason people like him will ever be discriminated against is because people like you say otherwise.	FAVOR
1749	gayRights	The problem over the gay gene debate is that nobody is doing the twin studies needed to find it.	FAVOR
1750	gayRights	"First off I want to thank you for being faithful to our Lord Jesus Christ in the very difficult walk many people, including myself, who struggle with homosexuality face.  As much you want to argue around the teaching of Scripture it is very clear that homosexuality IS mentioned and IS called sin.  The good news is that, like all sinners, in Jesus Christ we have the hope of salvation.  In Jesus Christ a new word is spoken, a word of freedom, a word of healing, a word of restoration, a word that calls us back to move forward, to become who we already are in the dreams and love of God.  It is not a freedom that permits sin but rather frees us from it to be the people of God, the people of the church, followers of Christ, Christians.  Thank God I have found this freedom.  Leaving the crippling false identity of the ""homosexual"" has been a breath of fresh air as deep as the breath God put in me when he nit me together in my mother's womb.  Know my identity is shaped in and under the Word and Lordship of Christ instead of my self-claimed identity lording over my faith and life.  Peace be upon you brother,Spencer"	AGAINST
1751	gayRights	" Cementing a definition of marriage as between a man and a woman for tradition's sake is wrong Tradition for tradition's sake is a faulty principle. To say that marriage should be defined as between a man and a woman for tradition's sake is to fall into that trap."	FAVOR
1752	gayRights	and so what youre saying is, you dont have a thought of your own, and that dead peoples oppinions, from a whole different century, are more important than that of the living peoples of this century. DACEY,NOV23,2009 ..................................................................................KISS  MY ARSE YOU PATHETIC PATRIOTS	FAVOR
1753	gayRights	"put simply, yes. in this world, but especially in America we have become more accepting of race and views. but there needs to be a point that we as a human race evolve. this needs to occur and will in the next five to ten years.   gay rights   are facing the same problems as segregation did in the thirties and forties. if gay marriage is enacted, will there be fighting? yes. will there be riots? probably, but the goal is to let every man and woman express they're views without accusation, but acceptance. the goal on this planet is to achieve true freedom in thought, view, and actions. Sivan, you said "" I believe that homosexual people will find that they are the recipients of a great deal of enmity and hostility from other people"". well, first of all that's a blanket statement, not every gay man wears rainbow shirts and hits on straight men. and you also said that the source of this hostility are the gay activist organizations. granted, they may have pushed the envelope, but the anti gay organizations are just as guilty."	FAVOR
1754	gayRights	"""...it can no longer say that a child should have a mother and father if possible instead of a same-sex set of parents.""Everyone believes that a child should have a mother and father, if possible, but we certainly don't take the children away from single mothers and give them to two-parent families. An ideal for an imaginary child has nothing to do with people's daily lives. A child with involved grandparents may do what any single mom's child does and turn to the grandparent for a role model of that gender, or bond closely with an uncle or aunt. And since many lesbian couples have children from one partner's previous relationship, and they will be a couple regardless if they're married or not, you seem to be hinting that it would be best to take the child from the lesbian regardless of how custody was arranged--or the reasons for her having custody--and giving it to the ex-husband if he only gets a girlfriend.  "	FAVOR
1755	gayRights	"How, exactly, does this tie in to your believing that same-sex marriages should -not- be legalized?  (I'm saying this because it says that you're on the ""No"" side of the argument.)"	FAVOR
1756	gayRights	"Non homosexuals produce bad children too; why alienate gays? Harold Birtcher ""Our prisons are full of people who were in foster care, and those people were in, quote unquote, straight family homes,"""	FAVOR
1757	gayRights	Clearly you are not sure of anything; in particular, reality.I will continue to point out your shortcomings until you reform.	AGAINST
1758	gayRights	"This a great idea and one I agree with completely. The usual objections to homosexual marriage is from a religious point of view, not one of protecting individual rights and liberties. Government recognition of marriage has nothing at all to do with religion and everything to do with social contracts. Turning every existing marriage, at least for legal purposes, into a civil union removes any religious prejudices. It becomes mere legal recognition of a voluntary union of two or more human beings. This last part I say because objections to marriages of more than two individuals are also religiously motivated and has nothing at all to do with legal protections of individual rights.""Sanctity of marriage"" is tribalism that must not be tolerated in a culture that purportedly values individual rights and liberties above all else. Tribalism is socialism is communism is, in any event, contrary to the nature of all life which is to seek its own way in the interest of its own survival and happiness. Civilization merely inserts the proviso that one can have all of that provided one allows the same for others. Marriage traditionalists wish to establish and maintain and members-only club.As I pointed out, they may perhaps prevent recognition of homosexual marriages among themselves, however, homosexuals genuinely desiring marriage to another or others will find a way to do so regardless of irrational barriers to official sanction. In any event, a true marriage is an emotional bond - not an administrative status - of which no one can prevent or dissolve except those involved in the relationship. This is why it is true there are authentic marriages without official sanction and officially sanctioned marriages that are an emotional fraud. Human beings must and, I believe, will progress to a more genuine kind of marriage much less focused if at all on official sanction, i.e., official marriage or even civil union, and more importantly focused on the existence or non-existence of emotional bonding.It is the only kind of marriage that genuinely matters. If it was the way everyone understood marriage, this debate would not be happening."	FAVOR
1759	gayRights	"Gays in the military will not undermine military efficacy. Former Senator and Secretary of Defense William Cohen spoke against the policy publicly in early January 2007: ""I now believe that if gay men and lesbians served openly in the United States military, they would not undermine the efficacy of the armed forces.""[2]"	FAVOR
1760	gayRights	I understand it to mean that the motion is to out law non liberalism. the idea that 2+2=4 is to be out lawed. 2+2= anything. that's the   equality   you're talking about. Liberals need to be removed from   society  . there should be a liberal free society. It's societies obligation to remove liberals. when you make a decision, you don't just do whatever. The liberals want a 'do anything clause'. society was based on the opposite. we need to get rid of them.	FAVOR
1761	gayRights	"Jake you claim that you do not ""take everything from the bible literally and blindly""? and yet you still fail to give me reasons why homosexuality is wrong that are not religious.Amen. A that's a good video! Thank you for posting it."	FAVOR
1762	gayRights	"Gay gene? No one's ever said there's a ""gay gene"".  What is that anyway? A gene that sleeps with guys name terry?   Just kidding.  There's EVIDENCE... and a lot of it... that points to gayness being an in-born trait.  So how exactly do these people ""learn"" to be gay?  You and I aren't gay.  How did we escape the evil clutches of the gay agenda that's hell-bent (pun entirely intended) on ""teaching"" kids to be gay? Before the ""gay agneda"" occurred there have been gay people... how did they ""learn"" to be gay? I know people who've parents have said they knew their kid was gay from childhood... their parents didn't treat them any different than they did the ""straight"" siblings.  How did that child ""learn"" to be gay?And since you ingore the fact that homosexuality exists in animals (non-human animals) would you care to explain how you think that gayness is a learned behavior? And since you've read several of my posts, you would know that I don't base my opinions on idiotic religious views, but on those of reason and observation. But thanks for that.  All that statement says is that you can read.  "	FAVOR
1763	gayRights	I take the Buddhist stance on sin: the only sin lies in harming others unnecessarily. All other sins are invented nonsense.How does one man loving another man unnecessarily harm anyone?	FAVOR
1764	gayRights	"Dear friend, peace to you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.I write to you to convince you of the soundness of the Word of God from its begining to its end beacause it is the word of life and sound truth from God for all men.  ""All Scripture is God-breathed and is useful for teaching, rebuking, correcting and training in righteousness, so that the man of God may be thoroughly equipped for every good work."" (2 Timothy 3:16,17 NIV).  Remember that when this was written to Timothy the only cannonized Scripture available was the Hebrew Tanak and Torah, or Law.  The Apostle Paul clearly considered it inspiried and useful for teaching, rebuking, correcting and training in righteiousness... and so on.  Furthermore, Jesus himself said he did not come to abolish the law but to fufill it.  ""Do not think that I have come to abolish the Law or the Prophets; I have not come to abolish them but to fulfil them.  I tell you the truth, until heaven and earth disappear, not the smallest letter, not the least stroke of a pen, will by any means disappear from the Law until everything is accomplished.  Anyone who breaks one of the least of these commandments and teaches others to do the same will be called least in the kingdom of heaven, but whoever practises and teaches these commands will be called great in the kingdom of heaven.  For I tell you that unless your righteousness surpasses that of the Pharisees and the teachers of the law, you will certainly not enter the kingdom of heaven."" (Matthew 5:17-20, NIV).  Jesus didn't do away with the law but rather fufilled it.  There could be a whole sermon on this but it speaks for itself that the law is not done away with.  As believers in Christ you are right in saying that we are no longer judged by the law but that is not because it is not relavent or useful, but like the Apostle Paul said it is useful and to the Romans wrote: ""So then, the law is holy, and the commandment is holy, righteous and good. Did that which is good, then, become death to me? By no means! But in order that sin might be recognized as sin, it produced death in me through what was good, so that through the commandment sin might become utterly sinful."" (Romans 6:12-13, NIV).  The law still reveals what is sinful and as a Christ follower it is not ok to keep on sinning.  THe reality that we live by the Royal law, or the Law of the Spirit of life is that we are free from our sinful nature to yield and follow the Spirit of God who leads us into the way of righteousness, which the Law (Mosaic) defines.  We are not saved by or through the law but by grace through faith but faith is demonstrated in obeidienace and obeidience to God is done through obeying his law.  Jesus said ""If you love me you will obey my commands.""  And remember, Jesus didn't nulify or do away with any of God's law (as given through Moses) but rather fufilled it.  The commands in both the Old and New testaments (covenenents) against the practice of homosexuality are still binding for Christ followers as they were in the beginging of the church.  The good news is that Jesus frees us from our sinful nature and gives us the power through the Spirit of God to put to death the misdeeds of the body and live by the Spirit.  Those who live according to the sinful nature reep death but those who live according to the Spirit, by his power (that is God does it) reep eternal life.  Peace to you, and may the peace of Christ come into every area of the life and convict you of your need for God's help in restoring your whole person and sexuality.  God loves you!"	AGAINST
1765	gayRights	The relevant text of the 14th amendment is:No State shall make or enforce any   law   which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.I of course am not insulting our   legal   system, other than the fact you are completely ignoring the complex legal question surrounding the clash of the 1st amendment with your interpretation of the 14th.  The 1st Amendment:Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of   religion  , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.I, as many other individuals far more intelligent than I, are arguing that   same-sex marriage   is NOT a 14th amendment issue.  They are NOT being denied any rights regarding marriage... they have the same right to marry someone of the opposite sex as everyone else.  The issue is whether they WANT to marry someone of the opposite sex.  The issue is ultimately about homosexuals' completely legitimate desire to feel accepted by   society  .  Tolerance and love should be shown to all individuals, but that does not mean we make rash decisions that affect generations of society because of our supposed compassion for their situation (and arrogance that we know far better than every generation before us).Given the Catholic Adoption agency, they have a Constitutional RIGHT to practice their religion.  The government cannot ask them to prohibit the free expression of their beliefs, in this case their beliefs against same-sex marriage, EVEN IF it gives them   money  .  If the government gives you a welfare check, can they prohibit your   free speech  ?	AGAINST
1766	gayRights	I am not arguing about that. - But churches that are exempt from taxes have political power while ones who dont; dontand Gays having the right to marry I think is a human rights/political issueand about the Jesus comment: very true, but there was no organized church around jesus until 384 ADChurch (an institution that has the right to legally marry someone) is not exactly the same thing as a Religion (a creed of some sort)	AGAINST
1767	gayRights	 Single parent homes are not fair to   children   but ssm is even worse if you ask me. My children are growing up without a male influence, yet I take them to places where there is positive male influences ie   church  , ball games etc. The only thing worse than this scenerio would be to confuse them further with two mommies. Gender Identity Crisis, is nothing to laugh at, it is a serious psychological disorder that some never fully recover from and ssm would cause more of this disorder, like children need more trauma. I back this up with the following expert advice:        This is just sick and we as parents need to stop up to the plate here and put our feet down and say, LEAVE OUR CHILDREN ALONE!QUOTEIt's time to root out the imposition of gendered behavior stereotypes from all aspects of our lives. Ending gender oppression means encouraging our children to experiment with alternative gender expressions... - Nancy Nangeroni, a transsexual activist quoted in Transgender WarriorsIt is fundamental that individuals have the right to define, and to redefine as their lives unfold, their own gender identity, without regard to chromosomal sex, genitalia, assigned birth sex, or initial gender role. - From The International Bill of Gender Rights, approved by the International Conference on Transgender Law and Employment Policy, 1993END QUOTE. ENTIRE ARTICLE AT      As a single parent I recommend this Redeeming the Rainbow. book:     We can and will protect our children from this inflicted mental duress with Gds help.	AGAINST
1768	gayRights	"Its about legal rights...hospital visitation, getting into an ambulance, tax incentives.  These are not the same for domestic partners.  Its exactly like having separate ""but equal"" drinking fountains or restrooms--or sitting in the back of the bus.  Religions don't have to bless these unions, however its up to the government of the people to treat people fairly and bestow the same rights."	FAVOR
1769	gayRights	None of Focus on the Families arguments have any bearing on the argument.  They say kids are better off in married 2 parent households with their biological parents.  This is most likely true but the kids we're talking about have already been put up for adoption by their biological parents.  This is no longer an option for them.  The question we need to answer is whether they're better off in a gay household than an orphanage or bouncing from house to house in foster care.  Nobody can argue that  foster care or an orphanage is better than a loving home, whether the parents are straight, gay, black, white, religious atheist or anything else.They also argue that divorce is bad for children.  No kidding!  Again, that has no bearing on the argument.  Since we won't let same sex partners marry they can't possibly get divorced.  Seems like, if anything, this is an argument for same sex adoption.  I'd argue that anything that gets children out of the foster system and out of orphanages and into a loving home is a positive step for the children.  	FAVOR
1770	gayRights	"""The LORD God fashioned into a woman the rib which He had taken from the man, and brought her to the man.The man said,         ""This is now bone of my bones,         And flesh of my flesh;         She shall be called Woman,         Because she was taken out of Man.""  For this reason a man shall leave his father and his mother, and be joined to his wife; and they shall become one flesh.  And the man and his wife were both naked and were not ashamed."" (Genesis 2:22-25, NASB)  Here we see that the one flesh union (which is sexual union, 1 Co 6:16) has an intrinsic desgin between the one man and one woman.  This also is the design and beginning of marriage for we see that they are now husband and wife.  No marriage in Scripture is never anything but heterosexual and although at times polegomy is practiced by peoople in the Bible that does not mean it is God's favor.  We see here from the begining and from the teachings of Jesus and the church that clearly practices were tolerated because of hardness of heart, not because God favored them.  As for complementarianism, it is supported by St. Paul- or should we accuse him of basing his view off of Plato too?  ""For man does not originate from woman, but woman from man; for indeed man was not created for the woman's sake, but woman for the man's sake."" (1 Corinthians 11:8-9, NASB)Also notice that prior to woman being taken from man man is always reffered to as Hb. Adam, man as in mankind, human kind.  However, as the man declairs that woman is taken from man he no longer uses the word Adam, as Adam no longer sufices as a description of himself becasue he is no mankind in this sense without woman who is taken from him, he is (Hb.)'iysh, that is, man, male, husband, servant in contrast to the female.  Earlier in the first chapter we can also see that marraige is connected to procreation (which is obviosly not possible in a homosexual context).  Plato and the Bible actually agree on one point, homosexuality is against nature as it is against God's created design both for marraige and for the nature of marraige which is built in the complentary aspects of the male and female, masculine and femminine.  argument 2: God doesn't mention in Scripture that he will only bless heterosexual marriages. Actually it does.  Since marriage by nature is heterosexual and God only blesses sexual union in the context of marriage this is taken for granted.  In any case, where does it say he will bless a homosexual union?  It doesn't, rather He calls it an abomination (not a blessing).  "	AGAINST
1771	gayRights	"Gays military service is not widely accepted in US society. A statement issued by the retired officers in March, 2009: ""We see a great many downsides to attempting to enforce on the military something I don't know is widely accepted in American society."""	AGAINST
1772	gayRights	Blah, shit this you win :]. I don't have energy to quarrel with you kuk nor make you an enemyI wish there was a delete arguement function so i could delete my posts. :DGood Day	AGAINST
1773	gayRights	So your stance is that a child would rather be in an orphanage than with a gay couple who loved him or her?	FAVOR
1774	gayRights	"OK, so now you're saying that you follow the crowd instead of making up your own mind.Think about this. In any given argument, to use absolutes is usually wrong. To say that ""everyone who opposes gay marriage is a bigot"" is wrong. To say that ""everyone else says that everyone who opposes gay marriage is a bigot so it must be true"" is wrong. Are you saying that it is physically impossible for someone to be against gay marriage for some reason other than being a bigot?Think about this. If it were a true statement that anyone who doesn't want to be around a specific group is a bigot, then why doesn't the definition of the word say that? Could it be that there are plenty of other reasons for people not to want to be around a specific group? What if you were shy and only wanted to hang around your own kind? What if you were deaf and only wanted to hang around deaf people? What if people with tinnitus wanted to be called deaf and deaf people were opposed, would they be bigots?"	AGAINST
1775	gayRights	"you can't really be arguing that because someone is born possibly with a certain body type or voice pitch that he has the ""gay gene"" no, how about the much more logical explanation that because people are born with certain things, they are exiled in   society  , and thus are more likely to turn to a gay lifestyle, becaue it is within such a life that they gain wider acceptance and have a better niche."	AGAINST
1776	gayRights	For the purpose of clarity and understanding it is necessary to have meaninfull discussions about the following; (1) Homosexuality has always existed, but in the thousands of years of history of civilization, every   society   has defined marriage to one man and one women, Why do we wish to change this definition in 2009? (2) Why wasn't same sex marriage an issue 200 years ago? 100 years ago? 50 years ago? 20 years ago? What has change? (3)  As a civil right, should same sex marriage be a protective class/status? be given the same status as other catagories of civil rights? such as civil rights for minorities (African Americans)?, the aged (senior citizens)?, the Handicapp? Sex/Gender?, discrimiantion based on sex/gender? (4) And we need to ask the most important of questions; Does a young child/toddler NEED a Mother AND a Father in their life? If you are a same-sex couple living together and or married and or want to be married with   children  , I would like to ask you both the following question; Who is the Mother? Who is the Father?   	AGAINST
1777	gayRights	Don't be fooled that because of a few misguided indivduals that gay marriage is okay.  For thousands of years, marriage has only been with man and woman.  It is absurd that a very small group of people thinks that because the misinterpreted what the Constitution provides, that they can change history over night.  By the way, this is not one of them.  Marriage has always been and should never be changed from between man and woman.  This is natural.  During hard times in our history, with the lack of a partner of the opposite sex, genders have come together for the comfort and contact experienced from birth.  It helps keep us sane: humans need contact.  But to make this as ligitimate as mariage between a man and a woman is naive, arrogant, selfish.  	AGAINST
1778	gayRights	Then if you're different pick a different word. Traditionally marriage has meant a union between a man and a woman. To use the same word for same sex partners dilutes the word and makes it less descriptive. It also pisses of the religious right and makes for great CD fodder ;)You claim to be different but you want to seen as the same. That doesn't make any sense to me. Let us see you as different and accept you for what you are. There's no need to put a requirement forcing us to see you as the same.BTW, claiming that gays are genetetically different and supporting genetic engeneering means that someday some one will want to eradicate the gay gene. It's a two edge sword that cuts both ways. You have to love it ;)Remember, vote twice, vote often ;)	FAVOR
1779	gayRights	articulated my butt off. . .and I did not bring in name calling.none so blind as those who will not CI am bored now.	AGAINST
1780	gayRights	"to often persons attempt to consider procreation as the only reasonable assertion to prove that homosexuality is genetically a ""dead end"".  to make your investigation on this topic quick and easy, read last months Scientific American, that issue was completely devoted to the topic of   evolution  .  you will find a broad group of disscussions which cover topics of the multiple ways that genetics of a species are fortified for continuation....not all being limited to mere procreation.  for one, there is the success of the population being aided by ""unselfish"" genes....these are traits held by individuals of a group that tend to make the group in which they live survive better than those without them.  studies (they are cited here....do your homework yourself) show that even though individuals have a trait not shared by all which can save the group, those populations which gave rise to them not only just survive, but tend to create larger numbers of those with the ""unselfish"" genes in there future populations, beyond those created by those who have already expressed the gene.many species survive as a result of the variable genetics of it's population at a given time.  one could quite easily say (merely as conjecture) that gay persons assist the community without the ""expense"" of having added another mouth to feed to compete for resources.  Since there has been nearly no protracted period in our evolutionary history where resources have NOT been often strained, this little example alone is enough to give substantial reason for gay persons to exist.  A gay person would work, be able to share in the groups defense, could kill more bison or harvest more grain than he or she would consume and thus assist in the survival of the group.  here...any group which created gay persons would perhaps out survive one where there were none or....to be fair one where the entire population was gay (a certain and only example of a genetic ""dead end"").in addition, regarding the gay vrs. straight ratio;  there are thousands of papers which have been written that put the population of persons that are born slightly to severely hermaphodidic at about 11%.  the now defunct magazine THE SCIENCES by the New York Academy of Science had a very major article which disscussed that before the surgical technology to ""correct"" elements of hermaphadism in children existed, this population had to be counciled as to how to get through our society.  the regularity of this was well documented and was readily a part of psychiatric training. the narrow man/woman catagories we often argue about are just a portion of the human reality.It is only in the human mind that ""this"" or ""that"" exists.  nature attempts and continually demonstrates that nearly everything is on the table at all times.  and it is in the fact that the ratio of homosexual to heterosexual is pretty much a heterogeneous ratio across all societies (when verified to account for societal suppression of admition of homosexuality) that shows that it is a genetic creation, and one that the species has found to be of bennifit eons before culture existed as we now experience it."	FAVOR
1781	gayRights	"    Where I seem to run into a a problem is the claim that what is wanted most is rights. I have seen the idea of a union of two people with all of the legal rights of a heterosexual community floated only to see it rebuffed because the term ""Civil Union"" was used instead ""Marriage"". Presumedly because it implies acceptance by the broader community. Like it or not you can't legislate acceptance by a community or a religion. Attempts to do so generally result in resentment by both parties."	FAVOR
1782	gayRights	History is important and I will agree to that.  However history cannot determine what the Word of God means.  You are correct,  without context, the Word od God is meaningless, which is why we need to keep it in its context and allow the Bible to be its own interpriter.  History cannot be the interpriter of God's word any more than God's word can be the intrepriter of history.   They are separate and distinct and both, while valuable, have nothing to do with one another, at least secular history.  God's word is inspired; history is not.    If we use history as a leverage, then the evil things that happened in human history become important and relevant when we try to interprite the word of God.  If we allow the Word of God to be its own interpreter, then we are on solid ground.  	AGAINST
1783	gayRights	"Tomcat2200,The 10 commandments you reference are actually a part of the Hebrew Torah, meaning Law that was give to Moses from God.  The 10 commandments are as significant part of the Mosaic Law.  Two clear prohibitions against homosexuality are made by God through Moses in the Law.  "" 'Do not lie with a man as one lies with a woman; that is detestable."" (Leviticus 18:22, NIV)"" 'If a man lies with a man as one lies with a woman, both of them have done what is detestable. They must be put to death; their blood will be on their own heads."" (Leviticus 20:13)You compare the act of animals to the acts of humans.  Animals indulges in all kinds of beastly behavior but to compare this to human homosexuality is actually out of place.  For one humans are created above animals and we know right from wrong in a general sense which animals cannot.  Furthermore animals have know self identity and are entirely incapable of rational thought, a bull cannot think itself homosexual anymore then it can think itself a bull, it just is a bull.  Animals have instincts that they act on and when taken out of nature, eg. a farm, they are more inclined to all kinds of more unnatural behaviors including apparently homosexual acts.Peace,Spencer  "	AGAINST
1784	gayRights	Animals are indeed capable of rational thought, and tons of   animals   have self idenity complexes... where are you getting your info ?Leviticus is Old Testement, ntm Lev is a set of rules for Hebrew Males...  Are you Hebrew?	FAVOR
1785	gayRights	"Yes,  one can choose to deny being gay but that doesn't change who they really are and it can lead to early death.My brother did his best to deny being gay.  He even went as far as to have girlfriends.  He came out to his family just 1 year before he died and that was the happiest year of his life!  During the time that he was hiding his true self,  he was depressed and unhappy.  There is scientific proof now that depression accelerates the aging of the heart.  My brother was just 36 years old when he died,  but his heart was that of a 90 year old.Some will tell us that God says it is a sin to be gay and a gay person won't get into heaven.  I believe in God.  I believe in Jesus Christ and I also believe that you are judged by the way you treat others in life and not by your sexuality,  at the gates of heaven.  I also believe that for all the ""gay bashers"" or wanna be ""healers of homosexuality"",  you have yet to learn the lessons that have been handed to us by God.  Tolerance and acceptance.  I guess some people have forgotten the part in the bible that states ""judge not lest ye be judged"" and ""love thy neighbor"".  When it says love thy neighbor,  it does not go on to say,  only if they aren't gay.  God wants us to love all people.  I think it is time to ""practice what you preach."""	FAVOR
1786	gayRights	Here's a link to a news article in which scientists have found the gay gene in fruit flies. Literally. Manipulating this gene, and nothing else in the genes or environment, can cause a fruit fly to court and mate with the same or opposite sex.    ,2933,316316,00.html	FAVOR
1787	gayRights	If we accept what the   church   has always taught us that God created us in his Image and that God would never creat imperfect humans, than how can Gays be considered sinful as a group? Most scientific and theological scholars have determined that gays don't make choices to be gay but are born with this!  I never wanted to be gay-but to have a loving wife and   kids   and live a life devoid of discrimination and sorrow at times!  We are all sinners but if you lead a righteous life and follow the example Jesus set for us by loving an acepting everyone, than we will be in heaven!  Jesus Christ never once preached against homosexuals-there is no shred of evidence in the New Testament.I personally do not believe in the literal interpretation of the Bible because it has been interpreted so many times over the years and when you do that, we lose certain meanings as a result.  The far right has always needed to find scapgoat for their hate-being blacks during the civil rights era, the fight over   abortion   rights or now attacking and spreading lies and contempt towards gays and lesbian people.  We aremaking progress but is slow and ever forward despite the huge amount of   money   and hatred that spews from the so-called religious right and other fanatics!  I wonder after they fail trying to convince the American people how wicked and terrible we are, who will they single out for their hatred?  Native   Americans   or maybe the Canadians?	FAVOR
1788	gayRights	"""Barack Obama's Military Adviser Says to Stick With Gay Ban."" US News and World Report. October 31, 2008"	AGAINST
1789	gayRights	 The passages in the Bible you listed don't condone slavery, in my opinion. But they do acknowledge it exists and is very common, and basically talks about slaveowners and slaves treating each other properly. For example, saying that slaveowners should not beat their slaves is nothing controversial to me, or saying that good deeds a slave does for their master are counted equally by God.	FAVOR
1790	gayRights	Why couldn't a Civil union have the same benefits? Just don't call it marriage and it will keep the anti Gay Marriage crowd happy. Regardless, you have to take what you can get one step at a time. If you do that you will get less resistance from the anti Gay Marriage crowd. I think the Gay Rights movement's all or nothing militant attitude does more harm than good and will make the reality of a true equitable Civil Union take longer and more difficult to achieve. Stealth achieves more than Brute Force. As a non Gay among other non Gays I can probably see that better than a Gay person can. I'm on your side. I just think you are using the wrong tactics.	FAVOR
1791	gayRights	That's good...but I find I don't have the time or inclination to look it all up for you as I said I would. If you don't believe it then look it up and refute those of us who know it to be true.	FAVOR
1792	gayRights	"     Lets first start with a working and shared definintion of ""rational."" Rational: ""Having or exercising the ability to reason.  Consistent with or based on reason; logical: rational behavior."" (American Heritage Dictionary)     You ask where I am getting my info; where are you getting yours?  There is some controversy as to whether   animals   are capable of rational throught, however, the vast majority of people including scientists do accept an animal as a rational creature.  For example, recently there was a women in CA who had a   pet   chimp.  Without warning and without rational basis the chimp went ""ape"" on her girl friend and almost killed her.  Professionals in the field, including zoologists, vets, other biologits etc. often reference that these types of things happen because they are ""wild animals.""  To expect rational behavior from an animal is absurd.       Furthermore, from a Biblical point of view, regardless of how literaly one interpreates the   creation   accounts there is a clear distinction between man and the animals.  Namely they alone were made in the image and likeness of God, recieved from a him a rational that is in likeness to him (which animals do not) and were given dominion over the earth (including the animal kingdomm).       Philosophically we can know that animals are not capable of considering sylogistic reasoning, understand logic.  A dog does not think about where it would go to   college   or what it wants to do with its life.  The earliest philosophers and through the present age have noticed a distinction from animals and humankind.  To argue that because an animal does something means it is ok for humans is ludicrist.  Animals eat there own kind, commit acts of aggression including   murder   and many other atrocious behavior if we tried to understand this rationaly.   However, we know that they are animals and they do that kind of thing based on instict and conditioning.  Yes Leviticus is Old Testements.  Leviticus is not just a rule book for Hebrew males it was given to the whole people of Israel as with the rest of the Torah.  No I am not ethnically Hebrew alhtough I do consider myself a ""child of Abraham"" through the promise, i.e. by   faith  .  Shalom,Spencer"	AGAINST
1793	gayRights	Religion can offer an out to those that cannot accept their Gayness, are unhappy, don't want to lead a Gay lifestyle and do believe. Like it or not a living a religious life style often leads to a happier more adjusted person than if they lead a purely secular lifestyle. I've known very many people where this was the case. It's entirely possible that some Gay people will be happier leading a celibate spiritual life style. There is no one size fits all solution. Your unilateral put down of Religion is totally uncalled for and reveals a very narrow minded  and hostile attitude on your part. Before you stereotype me, I am not Religious and am not a believer but have utmost respect for those that do. 	FAVOR
1794	gayRights	In my experience people who have feelings for the same or opposite sex often wish they did not. After all many relationships start with irrefutable infatuation, followed by much pain as couples hurt each other yet cannot separate.  There are men who just find other men more attractive even whilst they fear what their friends will say. They just dont find women attarctive enough.   I have had clients who have pleaded with me to help them change their feelings, to no avail.It does not seem likely that a person can be made to feel gay or heterosexual by external influences though people can follow trends unless their feelings stop them.One thing is clear.  The   law  , public opinion, persecution or persuasion are as unlikely to change sexual inclination as preventing drug or   alcohol   use.  And there is enough   crime   to indicate   the law   has little influence over that, either.     	FAVOR
1795	gayRights	That's a long list... but in going over it I've got to say that I doubt that they are all homosexuals.  Looking at Charles Manson the only evidence of   homosexuality   I can see is one instance early in life.  Indeed he seemed to prefer the company of women almost exclusively.You seem to be rather stuck on this notion that all homosexuals are brutal, child molesting, killers... and that hardly matches the statistical evidence.  The majority of women are raped by straight men... so do you consider all straight men rapists?  African Americans commit crimes... does that make all of them criminals?	FAVOR
1796	gayRights	That's fine. I support that.Here in California, we have a prospective bill that would do just that.I honestly think marriage is a religious thing, but religion is in the eye of the beholder.	FAVOR
1797	gayRights	"Nuclear families are failing; can hardly be held up against gay adoption. Of all families in Australia, 22% of them are single parent families. Few will fully establish a child's potential. Over 45,000 Australian marriages will end in divorce, few of these will be families. So, it is wrong to promote the nuclear family when it is failing so badly, and it is wrong to hold-out on gay adoption in favor of the nuclear family, for the same reason. "	FAVOR
1798	gayRights	"Crash wrote:""This is an unnatural lifesytle.. and it states that they exchanged the truth for a lie. How much more specific could the scriptures be?""The problem with your viewpoint is that you begin with two false presuppositions.a. That Paul is talking about committed, faithful, non-cultic, same sex partnerships in Romans 1:26-27b. That Paul agrees with your twenty first century viewpoint on homosexuality.Paul is not dealing with homosexuality as such in Romans 1. That is not at all his point. His argument is about IDOLATRY and he mentions shrine prostitution as evidence of idolatry.      "	FAVOR
1799	gayRights	"I never said anything about marriage traditionally being an equal union. I said that it was a union between a man and a woman and that part has remained constant. But I like the way you twisted my words in order to call me naive.Now you insinuate that heterosexuals consider homosexuals as subhumans and thus don't want them to marry. That's an assumption. You're assuming to know ""the real reason"" why some heterosexuals don't want to allow homosexuals to use the word marriage. Heterosexuals say that the reason they don't want gays to marry is because marriage has traditionally been a union between a man and a woman. You seem to be calling these heterosexuals liars and racists who consider gays to be subhuman.So, to recap, your argument is based on discrediting me by calling me naive and appealing to the reader's emotions by insinuating that heterosexuals are racists. I tend to find these types of arguments as weak. I mean, name calling and trying to manipulate people's emotions instead of letting your argument stand alone on its merit is weak.I understand your argument that the word marriage has changed in definition over time and thus there's a precedence for changing it once again. But the changes you site are minor and the underlying definition [the foundation, if you will] has never changed. It has always been between a man and a woman.BTW, you may want to reply here.                                       What_are_some_of_the_ramification_of_gay_marriage or not ;)"	FAVOR
1800	gayRights	Let me ask you--do you believe that   gay   men display feminine traits due to their biological natures, or due to socialization? Do you think playing with girls is an indicator of   homosexuality  ?	FAVOR
1801	gayRights	"""why not three men and four women. Or fathers and daughters ...""Ah! See, now if you were true to Christian teachings, you would support that because clearly that is Biblical traditional families. Why do you question the morality of Moses? (He had sex with not one but both of his daughters.) Why do you question the entire human race from a Biblical perspective? (Noah; Adam & Eve).I'm not asking anyone to ""approve"" my lifestyle. I'm demanding as a citizen to be treated equally, ""which I have no problem with"" because IT IS ABOUT inheritance and tax benefits.There is no federal recognition of a legal same sex marriage even in those states that allow it. Equal taxation is denied. No one is asking you to change your precious ""traditions and institutions"". Stop acting as if you are some poor put upon person because God forbid, some human being that you don't approve of is happy. Get a life.Let me ask you this. Do you revere your marriage so much that you have you marriage license framed and hanging in your living room, signed by everyone at your wedding? Do you keep that prominent and show it off to everyone as a testament to your commitment to another human being, whom you love greatly? Do you pass by it every day, smile, think deeply, and reaffirm that love?No? Well, I have two gay friends who do, and they've been together for about 20 years. How dare you suggest that you somehow get to have a say in their love and commitment for each other. Who the hell asked you? No one passed judgment on your love, why do you defy Jesus himself by judging others."	FAVOR
1802	gayRights	" Heterosexuals have done more to weaken the institution of marriage than gays could Heterosexual divorce rates are very high in Western societies. To claim that marriage is some pristine institution to defend against the incursions of homosexuals is to deny it already shaky state. "	FAVOR
1803	gayRights	Liking colors doesn't affect much. Same concept yes not the same situation. Hmmmm.. Favorite color vs little boy not growing up with a father figure.	AGAINST
1804	gayRights	To put this into a little more perspective: we study fruit flies for insights into human   autism  , and we have made breakthroughs through them. If the study had shown that some genes make some fruit flies kind of sort of showing a slight change in orientation at certain times in the day, no, this would not have any meaning. It doesn't. It shows a hardwired single gene. Of course it doesn't work exactly the same way; we don't lay eggs, for one, and we likely have a few recessive genes that activate or not depending on the environment instead of one specific gene. (Research points to there being a couple different ones, anyway, since genetic causes of male homosexuality already seem different from female.)If you're asking if this is the gene that controls detecting masculinity or femininity, and which one the fly is attracted to, that's the same thing in different words. And, again, it shows a lead. 	FAVOR
1805	gayRights	"""Gay adoption is wrong"". The Daily Free Press. April 1st, 2004"	AGAINST
1806	gayRights	You're welcome. If you have any I'd like to see them. The great thing about debate is hearing new ideas it's great to see someone can do it civilly. 	AGAINST
1807	gayRights	"1) gay marriage does not ""erode family"" if anything, they are happyier bc that family actually wanted their child, they didnt have an accidental condom breaking baby, so they were prepared.2) if they did, that shouldnt be why you vote for it, that is in fact, the stupidest thing ive read on this page. ""ooooo, vote for this bc it destroys religions!!!"" how immature and stupid. are you trying to look cool or somthing? bc it didnt work."	FAVOR
1808	gayRights	"A changing society should not cling to traditional family models. Society is changing, and the traditional idea of the nuclear family with married mother and father is no longer the only acceptable alternative. The reason that many countries are beginning to award legal rights to gay couples is because the stability of such relationships is now recognised. There is no reason, therefore, why such couples cannot provide a stable and loving upbringing for children."	FAVOR
1809	gayRights	"This argument relies on an unwarranted assumption: ""Both are innate orientations"" and then moves on to cite an individual whose opinion does nothing to substantiate the assumption as his credibility to augment the assumption is invalid.  Proof by association is specious at best. Proof by inapplicable analogy is flawed. Your conclusion that '  homosexuality   is no more a sin than heterosexuality' does not follow from any of the evidence you cite.  "	AGAINST
1810	gayRights	I doubt the connection between circumcised men, Lower Class men and becoming Gay. Could you direct me toward the dubious studies from which you make this claim?	FAVOR
1811	gayRights	"Yes, indeed; and someone should file a class action suit angainst the California Goverment and the California Supremem court for their responsibility in both the overturning of the people's vote and causing another propostion vote. California boasts the world's 6th biggst economy; yet you still bamkrupted it.  Their is no way California could afford the 10's to maybe, 100's of millions of dollars this issue cost. -Good job liberals! Now you have contributed to bankrupting your state.Additionally in response: So then that author, and other's making the same argument about wanting ""ALL people having equal rights"" then also supports consentual pedophilia. It does not hurt anyone either. -Or is it that ultimately, we actually,(truthfully, behind the smoke and mirrors) only really support the rights of those things that we think are acceptable or are not opposed to?  -Hmmmm...It does not take an intelligent philosopher to understand that ""equal rights"" are a ""delusional illusion"" How can everyone have equal rights for all of the things they want? -Proposterous! and a lie of society.  And until we admit this and get over our SELF-CENTERED agendas that seek only to have things as it pleases us; and give up on pursuing some of our rights; realizing ""you can't always get what you want!"" we will only keep going the wrong direction and losing ground; all the while thinking we are accomplishing the opposite. -Spells DISASTER and CHAOS."	AGAINST
1812	gayRights	There are 2 shot and simple points to be made.Firstly, is that there is no need to run a country based on religion, this happened in Saudi Arabia and look at the crime, injustice and autocracy there, quite simply we should run a nation based on what the majority deem to be acceptable, in the case of my country, the UK, gay marriage is acceptable, murder and rape are not.Secondly, people do NOT choose to be gay, scientific evidence shows that people are born GAY, would you not allow a person with dyslexia or downs syndrome to marry? They are born different to us.To sum up, anyone who feels that it is wrong is being over religious and fundamentalist, we cannot let a 2000 year old book with no known author govern the freedoms we have. A simple referendum will fix things.	FAVOR
1813	gayRights	I am not aware of any study that would find a gay gene or group of genes. The only way to find a gay gene would be to study two groups, identical twins that are both gay and identical twins there one twin is gay but the other is not. The gay gene, if there is one would be in the first group but not the second.	FAVOR
1814	gayRights	"This was the very excuse given me by my mother when she explained to me why two people of different races should not marry.  She carefully explained to me that, ""while there was nothing wrong with black people,"" still, there were ""cultural differences"" which would make such a marriage more ""difficult"" and the children would be ""negatively impacted"" by the teasing they would face from other children.Therefore, ipso facto, interracial marriage should be illegal (or immoral, or both).  Please.  :roll-eyes-and-sigh:"	FAVOR
1815	gayRights	SS men....where have I heard that before?	AGAINST
1816	gayRights	"""Homosexuality is genetic, and therefore evolved.""Without looking into this in more detail, my knowledge of evolution is telling me that this isn't right. Homosexuality in humans is generally exclusive. How does exclusive homosexuality become an inherited trait subject to evolution if it is not passed on to a new generation? It may have evolved to a point (as non-exclusive homosexuality is visible in nature), but would have been instantly wiped out as soon as human intellect and emotion took over leading to exclusive homosexuality. I believe homosexuality is a hormonal inbalance, but certainly can't see it as an evolved trait.""How can something be going against nature if it can be found so prevalently in nature?""Homosexuality in nature is not exclusive, so would provide no detremental effect to a species if homosexuality was practised only when no ""straight"" sex is possible. In this instance an evolved homosexual trait may exist, though I'm far more comfortable with the idea of hormonal inbalances as with humans.I may be wrong though. As I say, this just seemed wrong on my current knowledge of evolution. I'll have to seek out some evidence either way before commiting to the ""hormonal inbalance"" view of homosexuality over an evolved trait."	FAVOR
1817	gayRights	Since children for the last few thousand years have been a key aspect of carrying on the bloodlines, holding onto the property in the family, and providing much needed extra hands and income, its fairly logical.  I'm rather surprised that you even challenge the assertion that children are a main reason for traditional marriage throughout history, I'd be glad to look up some research at a later date.Adoption agencies, for example, and sperm/egg banks are private agencies, but that doesn't mean they are not regulated.  Massachusetts is a famous example of a Catholic adoption agency that, because of the same-sex ruling by the judges by fiat over the will of the people there, cannot prefer a traditional married couple to a same-sex one.  While I disagree with the agency for shutting down at that point, I am strongly opposed to the government forcing that upon a religion, which is happening and will continue to happen as the government forces same-sex marriage on society.  If it were a laissez-faire, that'd be one thing, but the government recognizing it overrules religious beliefs (so much for separation of church and state) and forces everyone to abide by its rulings.Same-sex marriage being exactly the same in status in society forces society to accept the falsity that men and women are the same.  If two moms or dads is just as good (because, remember, we can no longer prefer a traditional couple to a same-sex one or refuse based on our beliefs to give eggs, etc, from a bank) as a mom and a dad for children, then having two dads MUST give children all of the same benefits of a mom and a dad.  It doesn't, because men and women are different.Thanks for the discussion.	AGAINST
1818	gayRights	"The only way it could possibly ""hurt"" anyone is if someone let themselves be hurt by this upcoming acceptance of Gays into society. We had the same issues with blacks integrading into society and women getting voting rights. The only reason it could possibly hurt someone is if they have a stubborn view on the world that makes them believe gays are in the wrong and should not be allowed the same rights as heterosexual people. ""History must repeat itself because we pay such little attention to it the first time."" That is what is happening right now."	AGAINST
1819	gayRights	Most arguments against   gay marriage   don't even seem to be about   marriage  , they're just against the lifestyle. Regardless of marriage,   homosexuality   will always exist. 	FAVOR
1820	gayRights	All scripture is given in a particular historical context. Scripture cannot mean NOW what it did not mean THEN. The particular historical context of Romans 1:26-27 is shrine prostitution, not committed, faithful, same sex partnerships. In the first century AD, the Cybele cult was one of the most powerful in the Roman Empire. Cybele worship included orgiastic sexual rites and ritual bloodletting by priests and priestesses, similar to the practice of Baal worshipers in the Old Testament. Ã’And they cried aloud, and cut themselves after their manner with knives and lancets, till the blood gushed out upon them.Ã“ I Kings 18:28. In first century Rome, religious festivals honoring Cybele were celebrated in one of the five Cybele temples or in the streets. Castrated, long haired priests of Cybele preceded the image of the goddess, beating drums and cymbals, showing off their colorful clothing.   The priests of Cybele were called galli, referring to their castrated eunuch status. Female priestesses and castrated, male eunuch priests functioned as representatives of the goddess, offering themselves sexually to male worshipers. These religious practices flourished in first century Rome and this is what Paul prohibited in Romans 1:26-27.        	FAVOR
1821	gayRights	Well I guess you are right. Because it is impossible to argue with an imaginary god's word. lol	FAVOR
1822	gayRights	" ""Don't task don't tell"" loses the military good/needed servicemen Lawrence J. Korb. ""The Costs of Don't Ask Don't Tell"". Center for American Progress. March 2, 2009 - ""Since 1994, the militaryÃ•s 'Don't Ask, Don't Tell' policy has resulted in the discharge of more than 13,000 military personnel across the services[1] including approximately 800 with skills deemed 'mission critical,' such as pilots, combat engineers, and linguists. These are the very specialties for which the military has faced personnel shortfalls in recent years."""	FAVOR
1823	gayRights	"How can the word ""homosexual"" be in the   bible   when it was only coined about 80 years ago?"	FAVOR
1824	gayRights	Very well, so I did... :)(...filling up character space...)	FAVOR
1825	gayRights	Alliance Defense Fund, when you twist and omit the facts of your examples to suit your own purpose (as in the case of the lesbian brides at the New Jersey beach park pavilion, designated for use by the public; the photographer who refused service to lesbians; and the lesbian woman who was denied insemination after undergoing a full cycle of preparation for that insemination) you do your cause a disservice. How is anyone supposed to believe or trust anything you say when so much of what you say can be easily determined to be misleading or outright false?	FAVOR
1826	gayRights	I'm an atheist, and my husband agnostic. We did not get married for religious reasons or in a   church  , yet our union is still recognized by the state. End of story. 	FAVOR
1827	gayRights	"The question's legitimate, I suppose, but the answer is obviously no. A sin must be an action, and   homosexuality   is NOT an action. It's not something you DO, it's something you ARE. It also must be chosen, and sexual orientation is NOT chosen.However, my major objection comes from your supposed ""expert."" That as an expert on this topic you chose the insidious hate group ""Exodus"" to give their proven lies is horrifying. Not ONLY do they promote the hateful lie that it's a ""sin"" to be gay, blasphemously misusing twisted and out of context scripture as their weapon, but they also promote a far more insidious and dangerous lie...that they can ""cure"" homosexuality, turn gay people into straight people.This is not only a PROVEN lie...there is no such thing as a former homosexual...but this lie destroys countless lives. EVERY credible mental   health   authority confirms that not only can a gay person not EVER turn into a heterosexual, but that it causes tremendous damage to try. You should be aware that of the two founders of this hate group, one is still promoting the lie of being a ""former homosexual"" even though he's admitted in interviews that he still ""struggles with temptation"" In other words, he's still attracted romantically and physically to men.In other words, he's still homosexual. Being celebate, or even forcing yourself to have sex with women, doesn't change this fact.On the other hand, the OTHER of the two founders  of Exodus now admits the entire thing was a fraud, and is now living as what he ALWAYS really was...a gay man.Intentionally causing harm to people is a moral outrage. To pretend to be a ""Christian"" group while doing so is blasphemy of the worst kind, like the KKK pretending to be a ""Christian"" group. Exodus should be removed from your site, they're no ""expert"" in anything except promoting bigotry and lies."	FAVOR
1828	gayRights	Oh, horrors!  You've cited a scientific study!  Be prepared to be bombarded by the religious...after 150 years of continual scientific testing, some people still don't believe in   evolution  !  (it's JUST a theory, you know). haha.Thanks for the link...I hadn't seen that.	FAVOR
1829	gayRights	"The way to look at it, in my opinion, holds that you should ask yourself the question ""In what way would allowing gay marriages make me think different about the value of my own, straight, marriage"". When you ask yourself this the answer is obvious, of course it wouldn't, as it's completely separate from your own. If, for instance, two convicted criminals would marry, you probably wouldn't attach this marriage to your own. The same counts for gay marriage, you may not agree with it but the marriage is completely separate from your own and wouldn't affect it in any way. The only argument people opposed to gay marriage could make is the religious one. But as the constitution specifically states a division between religion and state this argument is moot."	FAVOR
1830	gayRights	"""even if   homosexuality   were determined to be genetic, this doesnÃ•t force me to accept myself as gay""It doesn't force you to deny your personal reality, either. THAT is a choice you make."	FAVOR
1831	gayRights	very eloquent. why does it hurt you? 2 gay men are getting the same benefits a married couple would get, and the same benefits they would get if each of them would be married to a woman respectively	FAVOR
1832	gayRights	I do not understand the rationale behind someone wanting a title that comes from a religion that doesn't agree with your behavior. I'm not stating my opinion. Marriage comes from the bible. No two ways around that. Yes I know people were together before the bible but the marriage and the ceremonies come from the bible. Why is the life partner or any other legal term that allows a homosexual couple to have all the same rights as a heterosexual couple not enough. If you are wondering my opinion yes I believe homosexuality is wrong but I believe alot of things are wrong and people don't have to have a stigma for doing those things. I just don't get the argument.??	FAVOR
1833	gayRights	Truly I do not see how it can hurt anyone at all. Studies are showing that some people are born gay and if you want to marry your lover who is anyone else to say that they should not be wed?Is seeing 2 guys or gals with rings on their fingers really that obscene? What is the difference between seeing a married gay couple and a gay couple? Is there really that huge of a difference? I do not believe so.	FAVOR
1834	gayRights	The lists of who goes to hell are somewhat irrellevant. The only thing that determines your entrance into Heaven is your religious affiliation. Is that an accurate summary?	AGAINST
1835	gayRights	I'm glad that sentiment is alive and well within you Joe. And yes, I care, more than you know. Thank-you for sharing that with us.	FAVOR
1836	gayRights	"Ã’I would assume that the ""expert"" MD is gay?Ã“How does their orientation alter the truth of their statement?"	FAVOR
1837	gayRights	I live in a place I'd rather not acknowledge exists.  Many children here only have one parent to care for them.  It would be a GIFT for these children to have a second adult in their life guiding and supporting them.  Gay marriage is not going to tear apart the family structure (and if it does it wasn't a good structure to begin with).  I agree that marriage has its purpose to bring children into this world but there are plenty of heterosexual marriages that result in two people who have no desire to reproduce.  Is that a marriage in the eyes of organized religion?In closing I don't agree that the best family structure is two parents of opposite genders.  I believe the best family structure is two parents who care for their children.	FAVOR
1838	gayRights	"5.  You were right to say ""no offense,"" because as a member of a heterosexual, interracial couple I am tempted to take offense.  The right for me to marry my boyfriend was also once a NEW right.  Your claim that there are differences in gender but not race lead me to think you are talking about genetics.  If I'm understanding your argument correctly, you seem to be saying that it's fine to treat groups differently under   the law   if their DNA is different.  Am I understanding your argument correctly?  That also troubles me.  I do not like the idea of establishing   legal   precedent that equal protection under the law can be discarded based on genetics.  Surely you can see how that might be abused.  6.  I do not understand how allowing homosexual couples to marry implies that men and women are identical.  I also do not understand your next sentence.  It is false that if gay marriage were legal, that would mean that polygamy would be legal.  The reason that polygamy would not be permitted if gay marriage were legal is that polygamy is illegal under separate laws.  I believe you are trying to say that you think that if gay marriage becomes legal, that automatically means that polygamy will become legal.  This is a straw man fallacy, because you have presented no evidence that this is true.  I do not believe any such evidence exists, unless you have the ability to see the future, in which case surely you have something better to do with your time than argue with me :)  Finally, you say ""there is a reason"" that gay marriage is illegal, but you do not specify what it is.  If there is a reason, name it.  Your assertion that the current situation is automatically best because ""thousands of years of human history have evolved to this point"" is laughable.  I'm sorry, but it is.  In the 1940s, thousands of years of human history had evolved to the Holocaust.  Does that mean the Holocaust was good?  The true history of humanity is a tale of ups and downs, of progress and regress.  Humanity has made some serious bad calls, but they seemed like good ideas to the people of the time.  If you truly believe that the status quo is good and the current change is bad, you need a better argument than ""this is good because it's how things are.""  (if you want to be taken seriously, anyway)7.  What is the ""situation"" of the gays to which you refer?  It's also interesting to me that you put the word compassion in quotes, as I see no compassion for gays (and their mysterious ""situation"") on display in your argument.  However, I am open-minded and realize that you are probably telling the truth and are not just some bigot, so if you'd like to provide examples of times when you have demonstrated compassion for homosexuals, I would be delighted to hear that evidence as well.  No problem, I always make time for courteous and rational discussion. "	FAVOR
1839	gayRights	"Two people of the same sex getting married is just two people playing house. It has nothing to do with hate or discrimination. It has to do with what is right or wrong. Allowing gay marriage is just showing that the society is going deeper into moral decay. God is the one that created marriage & it is between one man and one woman anything else apart from that is not of God therefore, cannot be called a marriage.Some people might say God does not judge them well let's clarify that. While you are alive on this earth in your mortal body God has not yet pass judgment on anyone because he wants everyone to be saved and that means accepting Jesus Christ as Lord and Savior of your life, because after death is the judgment. Everyone will give have to an account on the type of life they lived here on earth.Does God allow each of us to make our own choices? Yes, but know this every decision you make has consequences. The Bible said in Revelation 2l verse 8, ""But the cowardly, the unbelieving the vile, the murderers, the sexually immoral, those who practice magic arts, the idolaters and all liars-their place will be in the fiery lake of burning sulfur. This is the second death."" I am not making this up it is already written."	AGAINST
1840	gayRights	"It seems to me that most of the confusion here has to do with the usage of the term ""marriage"" in both a legal and a religious sense. When you write ""the real thing"" here, I think you fall into that same trap. What defines the real thing? You mean marriage as a sacrament, or at least marriage as sanctioned by your religious framework.My question to you: how do you feel about people outside of your religious community getting married? Their rules for marriage are different from yours (some slightly, some vastly). Do you think that anyone with a set of expectations for marriage that differ from yours is cheapening marriage for you and those like you? If so, what you are advocating is a ban on all marriages of people with other faiths. If not, you disagree with your own argument. Christian marriage is no more harmed by homosexuals being married than it is by Jews or Muslims getting married. (I could just as easily have written Catholic marriage vs. Methodist or Presbyterian, for that matter.)"	FAVOR
1841	gayRights	I get the impression that he feels that his Christian Lifestyle is more fulfilling to him than giving in to his sexual urges. Apparently a Gay lifestyle didn't work for him. 	FAVOR
1842	gayRights	"MARTIN: ""And I do not follow your reference to the old blind man and the elephant metaphor. Are you saying we are subjective beings? This is a pretty obvious point isn't it? And again, by bringing this up you have disproved your position. Really what the question at hand is about is whether or not there is a definitive genetic make-up for a gay person that will inevitably lead them to a homosexual lifestyle. I struggle to find this to be even a slightly defensible position.""MY RESPONSE: Hopefully by now you have come to realize (assuming you are familiar with the fable of ""The Blind Men and the Elephant,"" that my analogy is not nearly so nonsensical as you thought.  My point was that, while each of us lands somewhere upon the continuum between ""gay"" and ""straight,"" and cannot change our orientation, still some of us, as a function of where we land, experience sexual attraction as something which is primarily directed towards people of the opposite gender to our own, while some of us experience it as something which is primarily directed towards people of our own gender, and still others experience it as a ""choice"" in that they find themselves attracted to people of either gender.  That being the case, each of us, in relation to the continuum of sexual orientation, is like one of the old blind men in relation to the elephant in the story.  If we land near the the trunk, we believe that an elephant is a lot like a snake.  If we land near the tail, we are certain the elephant is most like a rope, etc.  In the same way, if we are born straight, we most likely assume that anyone who does not manifest heterosexual attractions and behavior is somehow simply a pervert.  If we are born bisexual to one degree or another, we assume that everyone has a choice, since we seem to have a choice, being attracted to one degree or another to people of both genders.  If we are born gay, I think most of us do understand quite clearly that the rest of the world does not easily identify with our sexual orientation, however, we understand their version of sexuality only by what we see in the culture around us, not by our own experience. We are, perhaps, best equipped of any group to understand the reality of others' experience, since we are surrounded by it, can clearly see that it exists and that it is real, and know without a doubt that it does not match our own."	FAVOR
1843	gayRights	The possible repurcussions are innumerable and unkown?  What kind of argument is that?  Either you are too lazy to give any real thought to this matter, or your just so scared of gay people that your brain has shut down.  Perhaps take the time to list a few of the horrible repurcussions, or don't try and make the argument at all.	FAVOR
1844	gayRights	"The state should not impose a religious choice The Economist ""The case for gay marriage"" 2/26/04 - ""It is no business of the state to impose a religious choice. Indeed, in America the constitution expressly bans the involvement of the state in religious matters, so it would be especially outrageous if the constitution were now to be used for religious ends [that aim to ban gay marriage]."" "	FAVOR
1845	gayRights	"You are equivocating.  You are talking about the potential of performing an act and then switching usage of the word ""homosexual"" to mean being attracted to people of the same sex.  This is not your only flaw though it is an obvious and fatal flaw...Just to help you out a bit these are the three definitions of sexuality. (1) Sexuality as it pertains to reproduction(2) Sexuality as it pertains to gender(3) Sexuality as it pertains to attractionBut none of this matters, in order to have an argument you must have evidence, I guess you just admitted you did not pose an argument.  I'm sorry to have bothered you.  "	AGAINST
1846	gayRights	" Gays do not have a ""right"" to military service Robert Maginnis. ""Gays in the Military Debate"". Human Events. October 4, 2007 - ""The 1993 ban is premised on the fact that there is no constitutional right to serve. Thus, Congress may decide who should or should not serve. For 231 years, the US military has discriminated among potential recruits based on a variety of characteristics and behaviors, with the intent of forming the best possible force. ThatÃ•s why, according to the General Accountability Office, the Pentagon discharged 59,098 service personnel for drug offenses, 26,513 for weight standards and 9,501 for homosexuality between 1993 and 2004."""	AGAINST
1847	gayRights	All homosexuals, male or female, who would adopt a child, are acting in a manner that is contrary to the nature and consequences of homosexuality. For by reason of their supposed natural, sexual orientation, as they call it, their actions negate the possibility of becoming progenitors as a consequence. Moreover, the homosexual nature also axiomatically negates the necessary and natural predisposition of progenitors as parents as well as negating the necessary and natural predisposition of progenitors to place their well-being as secondary and a childÃ•s primary. However, before they have attempted to adopt a child, all homosexuals have already, in life, demonstrated the predispositional consequences of their sexual orientation which evidence the fact that they cannot put the well-being of anyone before their own subjective well-being. For donÃ•t all homosexuals act contrary to the heterosexuality of their parents from which, as a consequence, they were born into this world? Moreover, do they not solely seek to please themselves at the expense of the sorrow of their parents and families? So it should be understood that any homosexual male or female who wants to adopt a child is both, acting contrary to his/her sexuality, and is attempting to make the well-being of a child secondary; for homosexuals who want to adopt a child are choosing to do so for themselves and never because a child wants to be raised by homosexual males or females. In conclusion: if adoption is acceptable in a society, the choice as to whom the child can be adopted by must remain the sole authority of the progenitors of the child or relatives and never the public or an institution. For neither the public nor any institution can be held accountable for sorry decisions that ill-affect a child; whereas a parent who gives up itsÃ• child for adoption must live with the consequences of that decision and will therefore choose as wisely as is possible in a manner that agrees with the nature of the parent.Homosexual males and females refuse to be parents. And therefore no rational person ought to give their child to a person who is incapable of acting against his or own nature.	AGAINST
1848	gayRights	lmao, some idiot is serial up voting this side, and down voting the other, and don't realize my arguement was pure sarcasm. How effing ironic.	AGAINST
1849	gayRights	"Perhaps many supporters of Prop 8 do not, personally, intend to be hatemongers.  However, so long as homosexuals are treated as lesser members of society there will continue to be murders and beatings of homosexuals by bigots who feel their acts are vindicated by such social treatment.  In that respect, no matter what the intention, the acts are those which support hatemongers.I made an error on my prior posting and clicked on ""yes"" rather than ""no because I didn't watch what I was doing.  Don't pander to the bigots by doing the same thing by voting yes on prop 8.  It is a violation of the U.S. Constitution and humane actions."	FAVOR
1850	gayRights	Being   gay   is on the same level as eating a shrimp cocktail.Why aren't there massive anti-shrimp groups, with   schools   training people, curing them of their unnatural desire for crab cakes?	AGAINST
1851	gayRights	No matter how one looks at this question, the responses all come down to a clash of moral and religious viewpoints, or lack thereof. True, separation of church and state is said to be in effect, but has religion ever been truly separate from government? I don't think it has, or is even possible honestly, because people will always bring their religious and non-religious and ethical ideas to the table on highly controversial issues such as this one. And if they did not, we would truly live in a country that is even more closed minded and one-dimensional than many may claim it to be. If people truly kept their religious beliefs out of it, then we would be living under a much more stifling government, not a more open and tolerant one.	AGAINST
1852	gayRights	"Soccer, you're floundering. lets keep it short and sweet.The specific thing you requested from me was to give you a legitimate reason why someone would oppose gay marriage for reasons other than religion. I did that. You still claim that every person that is opposed to gay marriage is a bigot (period). if you don't think that my reason is legitimate, then say so and we'll debate that.I never said that people should stop fighting for their rights. I said that they should take the high road, which is a slower, longer road. Take the Gandhi road, the Martin Luther king road instead of the low road that may get you there faster. Don't take the ""If you are against us you are "" road. The low road is a tactic used to get you there faster.If I recall correctly, I did not compare homosexuals to Nazis. I said that the tactics being used are the same tactics that the Nazis used. This tactic can be used for good. The tactic itself is not evil. The gay movement is not the first to use that tactic. I don't like the tactic.I think that calling everyone who is opposed to gay marriage a bigot is unfair and narrow minded.When I said, ""gays will eventually win. But why does it have to be right now and at what cost?"" What I mean is, That the ends do not justify the means. Calling people a bigot in order to get your way is uncalled for.I've told you in the past when I have up voted you and why. This is the first time I have ever down voted someone. But I respect you enough to explain why I'm doing it. I'm down voting you for insisting that everyone who is opposed to gay marriage is a bigot even after I have given you one reason why someone would oppose gay marriage for reasons other than religion and you did chose not to respond to that. Your position implies to me that the ends justify the means. I think you can do better than that.no hard feelings. Peace out ;)"	AGAINST
1853	gayRights	"If what you say is true, and a murderer, rapist, or someone who is an awful person all of their lives, repents before death and goes to heaven, and yet a gay man/woman who hurts no one, but seems to ""offend"" people just by being themselves, can not go to heaven because they won't repent.......then that God is a not a God to me anymore, but the devil.  I'm not religious as you can tell.  This country was founded on religious freedom, and yet it seems we have no freedom not to believe what others choose for us to believe.  I am not ""saved"" and I have not ""found jesus"" yet.  Most likely I never will.  Maybe that means I will go to hell, however, isn't that my choice to make and God's responsibility, not everyone else's, to judge me?  Because it seems to me, that all the religious followers seem to think God can't handle his job, and want to do all the judging for him.  Well, if you truly believe he is all powerful and is the one to judge him, why can't we leave homosexuals alone?  Go after the really bad people, who hurt other people all the time, and then when that situation is taken care of, then take care of the lesser evils as you see them.  "	FAVOR
1854	gayRights	duh, a parent is a parent, and if they love their kid, it doesnt matter what gender they are.	FAVOR
1855	gayRights	"You are making an assumption and then you act on your assumption by making an accusation.Assumption: straight people think they are more than we are Accusation: that's why they want a copyright on the word.My philosophy is to try and verify my assumptions before acting on them. That usually goes a long way towards saving face later on if the assumption proves to be wrong.Your argument is also based on emotion and it thus tries to manipulate the reader's feelings. This is done by calling one group bad; the straight people. You do do this by saying that ""straight people think they are more than we are."" You then call the other group good; the gay people. You do this by saying ""We wish it to mean exactly what the word 'Marriage' connotes and carries with it.""I prefer arguments that are based on data and let the reader decide. There is no way to prove that gays wish marriage to mean exactly what it connotes and carries with it. There is also no way to prove that straight people think they are more than gays. Nor is there a way to prove that that's why they want a copyright on the word."	FAVOR
1856	gayRights	"Quote:These circumstances made me a magnet for manipulation so at the age of 13 an older boy in my   church   sexually molested me. The feelings in my heart became a vortex of battling conflicts. I hated his touch and I longed for his touch. I hated liking his attention and I hated not having his attention.Over the next three years, I was forced to bear ""Ray's"" relentless obsession with me. Thankfully, we never had sex. When I finally left the church in disgust, I left home and plunged headlong into the gay lifestyle. The sight of men dancing with each other and publicly kissing made me feel so good. I felt like I was finally in a place where I belonged. In 1980, my first year of   college   I dove headlong into   homosexuality   and all it had to offer. I was new on the gay scene; soon everyone was asking who I was and who I was dating. I went to house parties, orgies, got hooked on ""poppers"" and started drinking. I was like a kid in a candy store with no parents around! In 1982, I hid my homosexuality so I could join the Army. I traveled all over the world and everywhere I could always find another man to have sex with. I went through periods of deep depression, when I felt so lonely I wanted to die. When I came out of my depression, I had to have sex to make me feel powerful and secure. I developed a hard attitude toward others, even my lovers. People existed to give me pleasure; when I was finished, I simply discarded them. At the height of my life as a gay man I felt invincible! No one could stop me, not even God. ""I don't care if I go to hell!"" I told God when I felt convicted about my sexuality. But I  was still unhappy and unfulfilled. Thoughts tormented me that I now believe came from satan: You can find sex partners anytime you want, but none of them love you. It was an attempt to push me further along the path of self destruction. After years of homosexual sex in all its devaluing forms, I still felt unloved and worthless. That was over 14 years ago. Of course, there were many issues to confront as I started down the road to total healing.  Healing was and is a process that I embrace with all my heart. God directed me to a church, where I stayed for five years, rising to become second assistant pastor. I was moving away from the residual issues of anger, hatred, and improper sexual passions. Yet I still had to deal with new challenges. Would I be accepted in the church? Would the men sense my homosexual past? Was I really free? Over the next few years, God proved his faithfulness by allowing me to build healthy relationships with godly men who loved me without prejudice. They didn't realize it, but God was using them to heal me of feelings of self-worthlessness. Eventually, I met a young woman who had begun attending the same church and we became friends. Over the next year, God confirmed in many ways that we belonged together. My passions changed and I knew God had created me to love a woman, not a man.  Before I proposed to Dee, I told her about my past. ""Honey"" she responded, ""if God has forgiven you, so do I.""  We were married and began our life together. Today, almost 12 years later that woman, DeeÃ‘ is still my wife, and is still the most beautiful woman in the  world. SheÃ•s the   mother   of my four   children   and the love of my life.END QUOTE    "	AGAINST
1857	gayRights	"I'm also a Christian, and my church teaches that most certainly is. Don't you dare impose your bigotry as some great universal ""Christian"" teaching, because it IS NOT."	FAVOR
1858	gayRights	You bring up a very interesting point DaWolfman. Would gay adoption be unfair for the child? From my point-of-view, I would say no. If the parents were loving and caring, and the child was raised in a good household, then I would imagine it would be more of a benefit than a hindrance. As for the bullies on the playground picking on the kid, it is unfair but it happens. Children are picked on for a plethora of reasons: for their intelligence, hair, freckles, deformities, you name it. But I don't think that means they should compromise to fit the social norm (especially the social norm of a playground bully, whatever age that may be). But I do think you raised an interesting point. It would be intriguing to hear from a child who is raised by gay parents, or from an adult who was raised by gay parents. I think that would provide more of a psychological insight. They'd be a first-hand source.	AGAINST
1859	gayRights	I agree with you that Saul's vulgar sexual characterization of the Jonathan and David relationship does not prove that J & D had a sexual relationship. I make that statement in my book, Gay Christian 101.On the other hand, Saul's statement provides contemporary eye witness testimony about the sexual intimacy of their partnership, from a man who knew both men.And the fact that the Holy Spirit chose to include Saul's testimony in the text of scripture raises an interesting question.If God is as anti-gay as He is alleged to be, why does He include in scripture, this LONG story, chapter after chapter, detailing the loving, intimate, committed partnership of Jonathan and David?    There is more in the Bible about the Jonathan and David partnership than about the creation of the universe.Scripture vividly contrasts the loving, committed partnership of Jonathan and David with the failed marriage of David and Princess Michal and with the violent, murderous relationship between King Saul, David and Jonathan. Saul tried to kill both David and Jonathan.Certainly you are correct that two men can have an intimate friendship without being sexual. Yet that assertion does not in any way support the contention that Jonathan and David were no more than close friends.Rick Brentlinger    	FAVOR
1860	gayRights	"It's not in our nature to fly but we build airplanes. The inability to CONCEIVE children is a consequence of homosexuality, but in no way reflects on ones ability to raise and love a child. Does not.""Moreover, do they not solely seek to please themselves at the expense of the sorrow of their parents and families? ""uh... NO.So Gay people being themselves are pleasing themselves by making their parent sad when they come out? What? There are more assumptions in this statement than I care to address. Not all gay people are pleased with being gay due to the society we are in, and to assume all parents hate to hear their kid is gay just completely shows us how twisted your logic is.Wouldn't your statement also be true if you brought home a someone of a different race to your racist parents? You see where your line of thought is coming from? Bigotry. The assumption that there is something existentially negative about being gay."	FAVOR
1861	gayRights	"What difference does it make whether people are ""born gay"" or not?  If that's the question you want to ask, why don't we also ask whether people are ""born believing in Christianity"" and whether ""belief in Christianity can be overcome or even cured""?  We could eliminate all this hand-wringing about   homosexuality   if the right wing Christians would simply abandon their wicked ways and convert to a more reasonable   religion  .  But they don't want to, do they?The simple fact is that most gay men and women are happy the way they are and don't want to change.  Whether it's a choice or whether they can change really doesn't matter.  The primary reason gay men and women were ever unhappy is because right wing groups and extreme Christians made their lives miserable.So, who needs to change is not gays and lesbians, it is Christians.  And they definitely can change."	FAVOR
1862	gayRights	If you are going to keep one of the 614, laws you have to keep them all. I hope you are ready to kill witches and adulterers, too. Oh, and don't dare shave!	FAVOR
1863	gayRights	"1. Civil unions is the same as being married. It just has a different name.2. A gay couple can say that they're married without any problem.3. What you're really asking is ""Should gays have the right to force everyone else call their civil union a marriage?"""	AGAINST
1864	gayRights	"Society needs to improve the institution of marriage, not weaken it. Same-sex marriage would be another deterioration to marriage (after no fault divorce), denigrating it to mere illicit cohabitation. "	AGAINST
1865	gayRights	Our country claims to represent equality. Therefore I think it's a bit hypocritical that we deny the homosexual population the right to marry. Gay marriage would not negatively effect anyone. Those who have a problem with it are simply being inconsiderate. It should be the homosexual couples decision to marry or not to marry, it is not the decision of people around them. I think people just need to mind their own business and keep out of matters that do not involve or effect them.  	FAVOR
1866	gayRights	I know socialist; she only has one account and so do I.	AGAINST
1867	gayRights	LOL...We're on! Strike up the band! `````````````````````````````````````	FAVOR
1868	gayRights	As far as the state is (or should be) concerned, marriage is essentially a business partnership between two individuals. They share financial responsibility of property, income, taxes, children, etc.Any factors outside of that partnership are purely dependent upon religion or the personal beliefs of said individuals and therefore should not be regulated by the state as it would violate the separation of church and state and personal rights as provided by the First Amendment.	FAVOR
1869	gayRights	"Well, I'm not entirely sure what you mean now, but I guess that ""divorce"" would have to also have an alternate name because it deals with the separation of two ""married"" people.  Simply put, what I meant to say was that many laws and specifics of the system would have to be altered, whether severely or not, and I'm not sure how easy it would necessarily be to do....thus, it'd take a lot of work and careful planning... "	AGAINST
1870	gayRights	Sorry and thank you kuk for giving me a second chance :P, i appreciate it very much :]Good Day.	AGAINST
1871	gayRights	so what about sodom and gomorrah? Did God burn down that homosexual city because he had a sudden urge to be an arsonist? Really, now. In the plainest terms, sin is defined by God, God burned down a city full of homosexuals (in other words, he doesn't like it), THEREFORE homosexuality is a sin. As defined by God. As defined by the Bible. 	AGAINST
1872	gayRights	the same way the court decides who gets custody today... is that hard to grasp??	FAVOR
1873	gayRights	"""Yet despite this reality, we still come out.""Is it despite this reality that some people come out? Or because of it? I'm not an expert (it's obvious if you read my other comments on things) but that doesn't stop me from having my own theories. Research shows   children   who are raised by   homosexual   couples are more likely to be   gay   themselves. That seems to me not an indication of increased   tolerance   but an affirmation that the social aspect is a lot more influential in a person's sexual orientation than is given credit for. That's the only theory based on evidence now hear one on experience if you would. Part I think is due to what I would call the ""under dog"" complex, or a separate term ""emotional masochism"". Take this all with a grain of salt if you would. Here in America the under dog is idolized. The valiant struggle for rights, the strength of will to be the downtrodden of   society   and emerge a ""better"" person than before is portrayed in hundreds of movies and real life stories. How many people want that image of themselves? I know I do and I'll gladly admit it. But I prefer to be a different kind of minority. The white male between 19-25 years of age that goes to   college   full time has a steady job gets good grades respects women and keeps a clean apartment minority. If you look at where I'm going to school you might be surprised to learn that even here being ""responsible"" is a rarity. As for the emotional masochism my last roommate was the perfect test case example. Allow me to explain, Up all night ""studying"" listening to rock music on his head phones he complains that he can't remember anything he ""learns"". No duh. With the same situation he complains it takes him an hour to do a math problem. No duh. (What does he do during the day you ask? Watches TV) He complains that he can't keep a steady girlfriend for some unknown reason. (He's cheated on the last 3 and news travels fast). Is there a cure to his ills? Yes there is. Have we told him when he's asked us what to do? Yes we have. Did he listen? No. Why not? The only conclusion I can find is that he likes to have this ""right"" to complain about how rough his life is. Although she may not like me quoting her ""Livvy"" had a point when she said, ""Yeah...and...who hasn't?"" Life is rough. Parents, good ones bless their hearts, tell you that you you have the potential to be anything you want when you grow up. Do we all really believe that?"	AGAINST
1874	gayRights	Yes gay people should have that right they are no different then us except there sexuality.	FAVOR
1875	gayRights	"I know this is a discussion on gay marriage but I felt like I had to jump in here. I am gay and I think I should have the same rights and resposibilities as everyone else. I am also a child protection worker and have some experience as part of the government you rail against. I think you would agree there has to be intervention from our government and society when you see a child that was not merely spanked but beaten, burned and emotionally scared from abuse. What people don't realize is that no one is going to go after them if a child is spanked once in awhile or disciplined harshly. If there was a mark left, then there is a problem. Trust me, no one is going to tell you how to parent your child unless you are hurting your child which is against the law of our land and agreed upon by our society. It is incredibly hard to balance laws and acceptable society norms when investigating child neglect. ""The government"" or child protective services is often caught in the untenable position of ""damned if you do, damned if you don't"" when either a child has been found to be severely abused or child protection investigates parents that did nothing wrong. To make matters worse very little information about any case can be released to the public because people have privacy rights as they should. I suppose this will always be an arguement with folks that have had no experience or bad experiences with protective services. The fact is protective services investigates and works with hundreds of thousands of cases a year where families were helped and given resources or kids were saved from further abuse and neglect. I will tell you one thing, I love my job because I get to work with families to make thier lives better and I wouldn't trade it for the world. I am not the monster that wants to steal your children as is often portrayed in the media. I also have been a parent and stood on that line where the three year old pushes you to your limits and you stand there in a haze of anger and you want to hit him. Some people hit him, some people don't and then some people beat him to within an inch of his life or further. There are choices and then there are consequences for those choices. By the way, I am no longer a parent because my kids could only be adopted by one same-sex parent and she took them out of state when we split up. I have no legal recourse. No marriage or civil-union, no parental rights or joint adoptions."	AGAINST
1876	gayRights	"Marriage is not an ""institution"" that gay marriage can violate. Marriage should not be in the institution in the first place, nor should religion. They shouldn't be in politics either. Religion bases their rules on faith, not on morality. Politics should create laws based on common sense, morality, and trends, not on religious views and traditions that become ""institutionalized"" by the state over time."	FAVOR
1877	gayRights	"Where did   the law   come from?  I don't know, and I appreciate your thoughtful explanation, but you have made a large number of assumptions in your argument.  Unfortunately, my profound skepticism and love for the truth prevents me from accepting your assumptions outright without any evidence or explanation of why you think it's safe to make them.  So if you truly want to convince me, and I honestly am open-minded, you will need to give me some more information about these assumptions.  For clarity's sake, I will go through each of your paragraphs in order and ask questions where I need more clarification.  1.  First of all, I was not aware that the concept of marriage would not exist without   religion  .  Can you please give me some more information about which religion invented the concept of marriage, or perhaps point me in the direction of where you learned this?  I have not learned this in my studies, which admittedly have not been exhaustive.  As for birth rates, I am familiar about the low birth rates in some countries, but I do not see what that has to do with gay marriage.  If I had to guess, I would think that you mean to say that countries that are less religious have fewer   children  , but I do not see how that relates to the legality of gay marriage.  Remember, this debate is about whether gay marriage should be   legal  , not about religious views on gay marriage.  If you want to argue that laws should be based on religion you are welcome to do so, but I'm not a huge fan of theocracy myself.  I am a huge fan of the US Constitution, personally.  2.  I am not familiar with the shocking violation of   religious freedom   that you mention here, and would like to read more about it.  Could you provide a little more detail so I can do some research?  Names of the agencies involved, name of a court case, which state/time period... any of these things would help me to find more detail about the cases involved.  3.  ""Confusing children at an early age as to whether they should marry a boy or a girl is not good for children still in the development stages.""  In this statement you have assumed two things a) if it is legal for homosexuals to marry, children will be confused about who they want to marry, and b) such confusion is harmful to the child in a way that you did not specify.  This may be correct, but again I have not seen the evidence, could you tell me where I could read more about these claims?  ""Claiming that it doesn't matter whether a child marries a boy or a girl is equivalent to   society   saying that girls are the SAME as boys.""  Here, you have inadvertantly committed a logical fallacy.  The two claims are not equivalent.  Here, I'll show you:  ""It doesn't matter if a business owner is a woman or a man.  Therefore, women and men are the same.""  The two are not equivalent.  If you think they are, do you mean to suggest that women should not be allowed to own small businesses?  Of course not, you made no such claim because the scientific that men and women are not biologically identical is not the same thing as a society standard about what men and women should or should not be allowed to do.  4.  I'm sorry, I did not say that changes in societal attitudes are required.  I do not think that I have the right to dictate what others are allowed to believe.  I do have personal standards which differ from the most common societal views, but I do not really feel compelled to demand that others change their views to be like me.  As much as I'd love for us to agree about something :)  Your notion that something being legal means that society ""endorses"" it confuses me, if you care to clarify this position I'd love to hear it.  And the rest of this paragraph appears to be your complaints about   adoption     law  .  As I mentioned in my original post, if you think the adoption laws should be changed, then you're in the wrong place.  This debate is about whether homosexual couples should be allowed to get married, not about whether they should be allowed to adopt children.  If you feel that's a problem, why aren't you against gay adoption?  Why gay marriage?  And finally, it's great that you care about the rights of children, but all children do have a mother and father, as far as I know... maybe I missed human cloning coming into vogue?  I think you mean to say that you think all children have the right to be raised the way that you think is most appropriate.  Do you also feel that we should enact laws dictating how parents are allowed to raise children?  It's fine with me if you do, I'm just trying to understand your argument.  (this was too long, so there will be a part 2)"	FAVOR
1878	gayRights	Wrong.You are changing your tune.Choose one: Jefferson's rejection of Trinity or all religions are cool. The Declaration of Independence can't go both ways.No; the First Amendment refers to Congress, not the state.	AGAINST
1879	gayRights	    And I think we would all agree that to really understand what is going on here you have to analyse the criminal mind:     Most of these people were abused as   children  . Most homosexuals are abused as children. See the correlation. See WHY???? See why I speak out? I witnessed the   murder   of a 17 yo by a homosexual man I became a victim of the homosexual agenda in California. Now are you able to understand WHY I care to stop homosexuals from adopting children through ssm and why I try to get them out of the school curicullum?Just soooz were on the same page now.	AGAINST
1880	gayRights	"so your some lonely 60 year old guy who say stuff like ""OMG"" ? wow my life my life is already turning out better then yours..... and I'm only 15 :) and I'm glad i don't know what a blanket statement is ... so suck on that!"	FAVOR
1881	gayRights	Yeah and they can't conceive children, but they can care for the unwanted children of heterosexuals and in some cases(lesbians) use artificial impregnation techniques just like heterosexuals to conceive a baby. The nature argument is very weak. We as humans bend nature to our will on a daily basis.	FAVOR
1882	gayRights	" Religious organizations oppose homosexuality Many religious bodies oppose homosexuality and, therefore, gay marriage. Many of these organizations are the moral foundation of national constitutions and principles. While a separation of church and state should be upheld, the moral guidance of religious organizations should not be denied."	AGAINST
1883	gayRights	As someone who spent ten years in the lesbian lifestyle before finding Christ and becoming a Christina, I can tell you that the mental and emotional junk I went through led me to believe that, Ã’there has to be more to your life than this.Ã“ To base everything in your life around sexuality and sex is not healthy for anyone straight or gay. Sin is the human depravity that causes us to live and do things outside of health limits. I find that like myself and many others I knew, something in our lives led us to making the choice to live gay. Usually it was abuse, molestation, rejection, or parents speaking things over our lives that caused us to become confused about who we were made to be. No on eis born gay but people can be rejected before they even come out of the mothers womb. A baby knows If its wanted and can sense if its going to be harmed. Then again, we live in a society that defines life begins at conception. ThatÃ•s a whole different issue. 	AGAINST
1884	gayRights	this is such an ignorant argument.gays can marry whoever the hell they want.IT'S A CIVIL RIGHT.	FAVOR
1885	gayRights	I have actually never been given the ' birds and the bees ' speech from my mother or father. Even if a couple is homosexual they still know what the speech is I mean I have never heard it from my parents but I have heard it from other people and on TV. So what difference does it make that a couple wants a kid even if it is a couple of 2 males or 2 females. Studies have already proven that a child from a homosexual couple turns out the same as a child from a heterosexual couple.	FAVOR
1886	gayRights	The slippery slope argument comes in if you use a 14th Amendment argument but it isn't. It's a Full Faith and Credit argument. A   marriage   from one state HAS to be recognized in all the states. Once Iowa legalized   gay marriage   the argument against gay marriage became moot!	FAVOR
1887	gayRights	If you don't want people to bash your beliefs and opinion, you probably shouldn't bash theirs. I am all for   gay marriage  , but I don't see us making any progress by bagging on the Christian   church  . Mud slinging will get us no where. I will get off my high horse now, but it is possible to be   religious   and still support gay marriage. 	FAVOR
1888	gayRights	"Number of gays in the military makes ban infeasible. In December 2007, 28 retired generals and admirals urged Congress to repeal the policy, citing evidence that 65,000 gay men and women are currently serving in the armed forces, and that there are over 1,000,000 gay veterans.[12] Ridding the military of homosexuals would, therefore, seriously reduce the number of armed forces available to the US military and impair the United State's ability to project its foreign policy and national security interests."	FAVOR
1889	gayRights	It used to be a given that the slaves would do the cleaning, too. As long as we're going by the way things used to be, let's choose our mates by raping them in our caves.	FAVOR
1890	gayRights	While females are paid 75 cents to every dollar a man earns, I can't agree with your idea that the sexes are similar enough.I'm also not sure which inherent differences you're referring to, or which damage. Please understand, however, that I just a few days ago read a Victorian-era screed that decried young women of good families going to work as governesses. The author's reasoning was because their taking jobs unseated social order, caused breakdown in the class system, and caused woes to women that in turn drove them to feminism and caused men to disrespect the gentler sex. And while science does agree there are some innate differences between men and women, this is a description, not a prescription. 	FAVOR
1891	gayRights	"Ex-gays fall into two groups, they are either bi-sexual and or what Eric Hoffer called ""true believers"". True believers are people that have trouble developing a group identity and adopts the value system of what ever group accepts them."	FAVOR
1892	gayRights	"Using terms such as ""wrong"" and ""unnatural"" does not develop an argument. These terms are used in a definite way when in fact they are indefinite. Who is to say what is wrong and how do we know what is unnatural. There are studies that say homosexuality is natural. So if one says that it is wrong because it is unnatural they might be wrong. On the other hand linking homosexuality to same sex marriage may seem like an acceptable leap but as someone else proved in a comment before it is a false analogy. Episcopalian churches are known to be advocates of gay rights - including gay marriage- although they do not think homosexuality is necessarily ""right."" It is easy to use faith as a crutch to an argument against something; it is also easy to manipulate words to form an argument as well. I would like to see an argument against same-sex marriage that does not rely on these methods and uses logic and proof as the foundation, instead."	FAVOR
1893	gayRights	"I read your post and thank you for writing. Not too many people take the time to listen and care for others, but I believe your conclusion is incomplete. Although indeed homosexuals may be from birth and it is not their fault, (that is my personal belief), it does not answer the fundamental question of is it correct behavior or ""good behavior"" for themselves or anyone else. If you determine what is good as doing as you feel compelled, well what if someone felt compelled to murder, or have sex with children since birth? What if they act on that compulsion, and truly many of these sociopaths are that way from birth. Are we to judge them? Yes, their actions are wrong. Do we condemn them? If they commit crimes, yes. But are the actions of homosexuals wrong in some sense? Absolutely. I can say that because I believe in an absolute moral law, someone who does not belive in a moral law beyond themselves cannot use the word absolute. Do we condemn them? No. Why? Have they taken the rights of another in their actions? No. So they are not doing illegal activity. So what do we as a society do? We love them, we treat them as equals, and we decide for ourselves what is morally correct. I believe it is immoral behavior, do I have that right to believe that, who is to tell me my philosophical beliefs , who is to tell them theirs? To ask a question is it a sin, unfortunately sets up both sides for a fight, it may be better to ask, should we live in the context of our own conciences having a view to the liberties of those in our society. I wonder if anyone would even ponder that one. "	AGAINST
1894	gayRights	It is this fact that led me to the logical conclusion that being Gay is generally not a choice. The ones that make a choice are the few, especially women from my experience, that enjoy sexual experimentation. They are the exception and don't truly classify as Gay IMO.	FAVOR
1895	gayRights	"I'm not going to bash the question, because it's an interesting one. However, the question of ""is someone born gay"" deserves a ""no"" response because in my opinion, nobody can be born gay because that makes it seem like being gay is genetic which I don't think is true. It's a way of life that someone chooses by influences like people in their lives, cultural icons, personal decision, and quite possibly a psychological issue(s).The way of life has gay people ""down there"" and straight as ""up there"". In other words, it's taboo to be gay in some people's point of view. Religious   bible   thumpers say it goes against everything in the Good Book that   marriage   is a sacred unity between a man and a woman. Whatever the case may be, the person already in ""confusion"" about him/herself will only be feeling more confused. The influence of a celebrity, person in their life, or another icon will make them feel like ""Yeah... I can be just like them. Free."" This is a matter of choice.Another way someone may become gay is by personal decision. Following up on influences, someone may just decide for themselves because they may think it's best for them. The person may just have no desire for females or males, but may have desire for those of their own gender. Of course, if the person is a total worshipper of celebrities and outside influences, this is a decision made on their own.One last way a person may become gay is because he/ she might have a psychological problem. I know this paragraph will spark controversy, but I do believe this is a way that someone might become gay. The child growing up might not have had much of a male/ female influence around them growing up, and they may have ""turned"" at an early age because of it. And yes when I say ""turned"" I say that they swayed sexually. I do believe that too much male influence on a female side at a young age, can program the girls' brain into being more ""male-oriented"" in result making her a lesbian and making her attracted to other gay females. And vice versa on the male side making him ""gay"" attracted to other gay males. The thinking that someone is born gay isn't preposterous, but just not correct in my opinion. If being gay was in fact genetic, I'm pretty sure that discovery would have been discovered by now. I lean towards no because I strongly believe it is a personal decision made by the person to become gay."	AGAINST
1896	gayRights	Why would anyone chop you to pieces for putting up a well written rebuttal? Is it me you fear?I've heard of people trying to repress their desire to be with their own sex but I don't know how they could possibly know about their hormones! Many Catholics have tried to do what the church says is right to do...some have failed and some have not, on some level. Look at it this way for a moment. You're straight...you were born that way. 90% of the rest of the world is gay because they were born that way. Could I or anyone convince you, or would you be happy if someone were to try and change you into being gay? I don't think that would be possible, do you?It's also interesting to me that the churches have softened their views of this too. Not the Catholic church but others. Some even ordain gay people into the priesthood or the ministry. That tells me something has changed through the years. Could it be the medical findings of all those poor dead people who succumbed to AIDS that changed their minds? It certainly would mine or at the very least, re-think it. If people are born this way, how can they help what they were born to be?	FAVOR
1897	gayRights	" Don't ask don't tell wrongly forces gay servicemen to lie ""Ã”Dont Ask, DonÃ•t TellÃ• Hurts ROTC, Too"". The Cornell Daily Sun. February 14th, 2008 - ""[Army Col. Stewart] Bornhoft says ""don't ask, don't tell"" harms the armed forces because ""A simple question of what [you did] this weekend, you can't answer truthfully if you spent it with gay friends. It legally mandates that [LGBT service members] be less than honest and prevents them from having the same rights that other service members have when it comes to spousal benefits or housing allowances or notices to next of kin or simply kissing loved ones when you deploy to defend the country."" "	FAVOR
1898	gayRights	These are very, very different things.	FAVOR
1899	gayRights	If I was born with a sexual attraction to children, I wouldn't act on it. I know I was born gay. There are some men with an extra x chromosome who are gay and many have sex change operations. Do they have less rights as a human because of that fact. Don't argue the slippery slope. It fails. You may have feelings but u don't act on it with minors period. And with 90 per cent heterosexuals, it's good that there are some people who don't procreate. We live in a world of finite resources. As long as 2 consenting adults love each other, leave them be. It's a free country that way. It's a right. Don't argue over the word marriage,use a different term but give the same rights.	FAVOR
1900	gayRights	2 parents, say the research, regardless of gender. That's the formula for healthy upbringing.	FAVOR
1901	gayRights	"This argument has been used many times before and with equal disingenuousness.  This was the same argument used against interracial marriage -- ""What about the CHILDREN???? :gasp:""  Research DOES show that the children of same-gender parents do equally as well as the children of opposite-gender parents.  The only ""research"" which disputes this is the mocked-up garbage disseminated by Focus on the Family, which draws upon studies of children raised by a single parent, generally as the result of traumatic divorce or abandonment.  Stop with the gasping and eyelash fluttering and start speaking the truth for a change.  "	FAVOR
1902	gayRights	To Bagpipe2005It is impossible to separate religion from politics and this is why, whether you like it or not, or whether you are a Christian or not God is the one who created laws and how we as human beings should live in a society.  The 10 commandments is the very basis of almost every county's law in the world today.For example thou shall not kill, thou shall not steal, thou shall not commit fornication etc. And from these laws spring forth other laws.So when people say separate religion from politics that is not a valid argument.  God's standard  will always be the best way, anything from that is lawless. So you not loving God or don't care anything about Him does not change anything. You have your opinion and I have my truth.  Peace	AGAINST
1903	gayRights	Yes. I don't agree with it but they should have the right to. If they don't it could cause big trouble and say we are racist or something (which we're not) But, they should have the right to marry. The poore people don't know any better. =(	FAVOR
1904	gayRights	"Wow! Your right, I am not an authority. Just a parent as I am sure you either are or aspire to be judging by your passion..That was an attempt to show that it was meant to be a light hearted poke at the wording.But I am curious, why so intolerant? Why just jump right to the ""authority"" sarcasm? Well, as long as we are at it, and as a non-authority...I disagree for the block! The differences go way deeper than trivial or cosmetic.Women cannot pass masculinity to a male child. A boy cannot learn from a woman what it means to truly be a man just as two men cant teach a young woman what it means to become a real woman. Two women cant do any better raising a boy to be a man than a single mother can, and we all know what that has done to entire generations of young men. The damaging effects on children from the absence of a father in a family is well documented. When it comes to the matter of masculinity its just not possible. Its not that its wrong...its just not possible.Truly I am sorry. I didn't mean to step on toes. Just my non-authoritarian opinion."	AGAINST
1905	gayRights	Since homosexual   marriage   became Ã’  legal  Ã“ the rates of   HIV   /   AIDS   have gone up considerably in Massachusetts. This year public funding to deal with HIV/AIDS has risen by $500,000. Citing Ã’the right to marryÃ“ as one of the Ã’important challengesÃ“ in a place where Ã’itÃ•s a great time to be gayÃ“, the Massachusetts Department of Public Health helped produce The Little Black Book, Queer in the 21st Century, a hideous work of obscene   pornography   which was given to   kids   at Brookline High School on April 30, 2005. Among other things, it gives Ã’tipsÃ“ to boys on how to perform oral sex on other males, masturbate other males, and how to Ã’safelyÃ“ have someone urinate on you for sexual pleasure. It also included a directory of bars in Boston where young men meet for anonymous sex. Given the extreme dysfunctional nature of homosexual relationships, the Massachusetts Legislature has felt the need to spend more   money   every year to deal with skyrocketing homosexual domestic violence. This year $350,000 was budgeted, up $100,000 from last year.At my own   children  's high school there was a school-wide assembly to celebrate same-sex Ã’marriageÃ“ in early December, 2003. It featured an array of speakers, including teachers at the school who announced that they would be Ã’marryingÃ“ their same-sex partners and starting families either through   adoption   or artificial insemination. Literature on   same-sex marriage   Ã how it is now a normal part of   society   Ã was handed out to the students.At a school in Mass. a class was held in March of 2000 that is down right criminal. Children as young as 12 were instructed by adults (state employees!) how to perform a range of dangerous and perverted homosexual sex acts, including fisting which became known as the fistgate incident. In September, 2004, an 8th-grade teacher in Brookline, MA, told National Public Radio that the marriage ruling had opened up the floodgates for teaching homosexuality. Ã’In my mind, I know that, `OK, this is legal now.' If somebody wants to challenge me, I'll say, `Give me a break. It's legal now,'Ã“ she told NPR. She added that she now discusses gay sex with her students as explicitly as she desires. For example, she said she tells the kids that lesbians can have vaginal intercourse using sex toys.In 2005, when David Parker of Lexington, MA Ã a parent of a kindergartner Ã strongly insisted on being notified when teachers were discussing homosexuality or transgenderism with his son, the school had him arrested and put in jail overnight.Second graders at the same school were read a book, Ã’King and KingÃ“, about two men who have a romance and marry each other, with a picture of them kissing. When parents Rob and Robin Wirthlin complained, they were told that the school had no obligation to notify them or allow them to opt-out their child. In 2006 the Parkers and Wirthlins filed a federal Civil Rights lawsuit to force the schools to notify parents and allow them to opt-out their elementary-school children when homosexual-related subjects were taught. The federal judges dismissed the case. The judges ruled that because same-sex marriage is legal in Massachusetts, the school actually had a duty to normalize homosexual relationships to children, and that schools have no obligation to notify parents or let them opt-out their children! Acceptance of homosexuality had become a matter of good   citizenship  !In 2006, in the elementary school where my daughter went to Kindergarten, the parents of a third-grader were forced to take their child out of school because a man undergoing a sex-change operation and cross-dressing was being brought into class to teach the children that there are now Ã’different kinds of families.Ã“ School officials told the mother that her complaints to the principal were considered Ã’inappropriate behavior.Ã“	AGAINST
1906	gayRights	"The design argument is a valid, compeling argument. It is also very simple: Life clearly speaks of design. From a scientific view, it is extreemly improbable that life is here by any other means except a designer. For that fact, is it so improbable that life is here by any other means than a designer, that from an engieering perspective, it is a certainty that a designer behind life exists.Given this, it is extreemly clear that male and female sexual organs are ""desgined"" for each other. Therefore, we as humans, are designed to engage is sexual realtions with the opposite sex. We are NOT desgined to engage in sexual realtions with the same sex.Now to the argument that other species engage is same-sexual relations: The last time I looked, I'm a human. I'm not a giraffe, I'm not an insect, etc... I'm a human. It is also clear that we live in a world that has significant problems. These problems are clearly seem in bad and destructive behariour of man, deseases, etc... The who reason phycologists and counselaors can make a living is that we, as humans have problems. Not only do humans have behavior problems, but there is behavior problems in the animal kingdom as well. In order to show that homosexual behavior in the animal kingdom validates human homosexual behavior, you will need to show that the designer has intended this as normal behavior in the animal kingdom as a whole. Excluding the species that can actually propogate themselves with this kind of behaviour, there is no basis to belive that the designer behind life intends for this to be normative. the further a species is from humans, the less the analogy applies logically."	AGAINST
1907	gayRights	"You should, perhaps, question your assumptions that a child ""needs"" two parents. For the reasons I stated before - the variable personality of the child and variable personality of the parent(s), one can make general statements of what is common to all children and common to all parents, but one really can't say definitively that the specific needs of one child are the same specific needs of another. You will no doubt find individuals in all cutlures who got along just fine with only one parent - of either gender - and likely will find individuals who had more than two who profited from that arrangement. You will also find plenty of individuals who had what is considered by some to be the ""optimum parental arrangement"" - two parents of opposite genders who are permanently scarred by that experience.All of this to say - the assumption that a child needs two parents of opposite gender to grow up happy and well-adjusted is likely as false as the assumption the child needs two. I dare say - and from personal experience - some children need no parent at all."	FAVOR
1908	gayRights	"""Only people who believe in the Christian ""God"" are moral, is what you're saying.""Actually, I am not saying this.  Nothing I said should have given this conclusion however I apologize if it did.  Realativly speaking, all people are capable of morality.  However, we are only capable in as much as we respond to the Good given to us, not out of our own selves since man is by nature sinful (Romans 5).  Though I understand you may not agree with the Scriptures totally pherhaps we can share the common ground that no person is perfect, people are selfish and are not 100% good.  This is comparable to what the Scriptures talk about that people have a sin nature that we have inherited through Adam by which we have an innate tendency to bend toward sin, e.g. selfishness, unloving heart and behavior etc.  Since the Scriptures teach that God is reaching out to all people everywhere I actually believe that people may be able to act morally good in the true sense if they are responding out of grace given them and by the activity of the Holy Spirit in their soul whether they are Christian or not.  There is even the posiblity of man acting morally good out of an original goodness of man that has not been totaly corrupted by the marr of sin.  Even beside this sinful people may act morally good at a civil level, though not neccsarily in accordance with absolute good.  That is why I say realativly speaking there is moral good that people who are not believrs can do.  Even the good that Christians do, that nonbelievers supposdly cannot due, is the result of the goodness of God at work in them and not any more claimable by that person then any other.  If it wasn't for God they wouldn't be any different.  I hope that wasn't too confusing.  In your second argument you assume many things.  You assume that homosexuals are a class of people that have biological cause to their homosexuality.  In other words, they are ""born with it.""  Not only is this unverifiable it is not were good science is pointing.  Obviously it is not a choice.  As I have wresteled with my own homosexuality I will be the first to say ""I did not choose this."" But there is not way I was born this way.  You say: ""Who the crap are you to know better than ""God"" how a person is supposed to be made?""Can't we I ask you the same question?  How do you know someone living a homosexual lifestyle is living according to God's design?  We know that it is not so because God has told us so through his Word. (1 Timothy 3:16, Leviticus 18:22)  You say: ""If that person was made by ""God"" then it was ""God"" who created that sinful cocktail mix of chemicals that dictates to that person whom he or she will be sexually attracted to. That would make the act of ""God"" a sinful act... which, if you believe in ""God""... you know can't happen.""First off, God created sex and that ""mix of chemicals"" that all are a part of our sexuality are not sinful.  God created sex and he created it good.  The falleness of human nature lends what was originally good to all sorts of deviations.  The Catholic church (although I am not Roman Catholic) does not teach that a homosexual orientation is sinful but acting on it is, you are correct.  But, they do teach that it is an ""intrinsic disorder"" even an evil. Not that the person is responsible to that sin or evil but that the homosexual orientation is a manifestation of human falleness just like all sin is including deviations such as alcholisim and sexual addicition.  The homosexul is a victim to sin like all of us are.  Thanks be to God that he has provided a way out of this and brought life to us anew (Romans 5).  The Scriptures teach:""As for you, you were dead in your transgressions and sins, in which you used to live when you followed the ways of this world and of the ruler of the kingdom of the air, the spirit who is now at work in those who are disobedient. All of us also lived among them at one time, gratifying the cravings of our sinful nature and following its desires and thoughts. Like the rest, we were by nature objects of wrath. But because of his great love for us, God, who is rich in mercy, made us alive with Christ even when we were dead in transgressionsÃ‘it is by grace you have been saved.""  (Ephesians 2:1-5, NIV) We were by natures objects of wrath but God still loved and loves us.  This is preciesly why he gave his son to us that if we believe in him we shall not perish but have everlasting, full life now and later.  The fact that all people are imperfect and have inclinations to sin is not a product of God's creative work but of Satan's twisting of the good creation through sin.  God did not sin in making any of us but all of us have falleness.  Homosexuality is just one of many manifestations of this falleness and like all mankind homosexuals are in need of a savior.  "	AGAINST
1909	gayRights	 I read this article at the citizen link web site calling for the APA to acknowledge and respect personal autonomy and religious diversity. Stating that the APA has not acknowledged that personal decision or self determination of ones sexual orientation is possible and has even said it is dangerous. This article dispells those fears and shows through actual scientifc study and research that one can change their sexual attractions and decide for themselves whom they will be attracted to and respond. Apparently in 1973 the APA adopted a principle to always have public declartions backed up by research and not follow public opinion but some how according to Dr. Jones has forgone that directive to bow to cultural pressures in regards to many things including sexual orientation. This lack of professionalism has caused quite a rift in the scientific world regarding the APA making any public pronouncements. The APA recently released a task-force report that shows some patients may want to change, but stops short of giving its blessing to such programs, accordig to this recent article which can be read at     	AGAINST
1910	gayRights	"Nice try at a cut and past job, but your argument does not hold water as the analogy between interracial marriage and homosexual unions does not carry over.As I stated in my previous argument the practice of legal recognition of aspects of homosexual unions is new and unprecedented. Indeed it is unprecedented everywhere in the history of the world. This is quite unlike interracial marriage which has been practiced in many times in many places throughout history, and in most cases without any special legal opinion on the matter. Homosexual unions are different and are new in their established recognition under law.But that aside, i would point out that my original argument was addressing the issue of the curruption of language, and of the importance of preserving the long standing meaning of words, especially when there are no easy alternatives; such as in the case of the word ""marriage"". By attempting to broaden or slightly redefine the meaning of a word, you neccessarily dilute its original meaning.If proponents of non-sex-specific unions had rallied for civil unions, or same sex unions recognition under the law, we would not be having this conversation. What proponents of the phrase ""gay marriage"" demand is that the rest of society be forced to accept their own standard of the meaning of those words. And they seek to force this by attempting to enshrine their own particular minority definition upon the majority. This is form of calculated aggression against long standing traditional meaning of language, and should not be tolerated by a civil society.In this Republican form of government, the minority should be protected from the majority, but the majority should also be protected from the minority. Even at their peak, the Nazis never had a majority of political affiliation, they took power as a political minority, but look what havok they wreaked upon their own citizenry and the values which they imposed by force upon the majority!When language is eroded by degrees, then it ceases to have meaning; communication, and even thought itself become impossible. And society is brought unto a state of total decay and ruin. What once were men are then little more than animals. Read a page out of Orwell's 1984. The government's new speak is double ungood."	AGAINST
1911	gayRights	I find that people who follow their own instinctual morals, free from religious influence, treat humans as humans, not as creatures to be judged. 	FAVOR
1912	gayRights	The key point that gets missed in the this discussion is that parents aren't the only ones who raise children. I grew up with a single mother, and while she certainly did her best, she couldn't answer all my questions as a boy. That's why I had a grandfather, uncles, family friends, teachers, coaches and others who I could rely on. Every situation is unique (in my case I was likely better off without my father in my home), but I absolutely feel that their collective help but me at no disadvantage. There's no reason to think that the children of same-sex parents couldn't use similar resources. I would challenge you to re-consider if two opposite sex parents really are so necessary. 	FAVOR
1913	gayRights	Dr. Crawford highlights all of the facts that we all know to be true.  All of his statements supporting his opinion are simply characteristics of our human nature.  Few creatures on this earth do not look out for the wellfare their offsprings.  However, the primary premise of raising children is not to make us feel good, but to promote procreation and continuation of the species.  As childern grow up they see their parents as role models whether good or bad.  Homosexual households are simply sending the wrong message to the maturing child.	AGAINST
1914	gayRights	"It is not clear your claim that the context in which Romans was written has to do exclusively with the Cybele cult. Paul wrote that letter to explain his view of the gospel to the romans, and not as a corrective to specific problems as he did on the epistles to the corinthians. He begins explaining how idolatry and pride, led humanity to other sins when their hearts separated from God, including homosexuality.And I think you're being imprecise too in the other passages you quote in the arguments:1. With respect to Adam and Eve, he created them as sexual beings who could fulfill his purpose of 'filling the earth and increase in number' (and the problem of over population doesn't invalidate the command, it was caused by not managing sexuality as God established it) And though later came poligamy, it occurred after fall, and then on the new testament is explicit that godly people should be married to one woman.2. When you quote Lev 18:22 as referred to the cult of Molech, is not precise. When you read the whole chapter, Moses writes a series of sins that include unlawful sexual relationships, amongst homosexuality is found. The fact that the previous verse condemned the parents who offered their sons to Molech, doesn't mean the next verse is related. In fact on every mention of Molech in the bible is related to the child sacrifices (which, by the way, also violate the command to fill the earth and increase in number).Is so clear that two chapters ahead he repeats the command in Leviticus 20:13 ""'If a man lies with a man as one lies with a woman, both of them have done what is detestable."" and in this occasion there is no sign it is directly related to the cult of Molech.I think the people at Exodus, as well as you, share the same general goal: to bring those with wanted or unwanted same sex attraction close to God. But in that path the means are as important as the ends. And sadly, one of both positions is wrong, and therefore is sinning (if it were Exodus, in not accepting that is God's will that people have same sex attraction; if it is you and the churches that accept homsexuality as normal, the sin will be of encouraging people to accept a sin as a way of life).I stay with the side that it is a sin."	AGAINST
1915	gayRights	" Homophobia is wrong so should not be used against gay adoption  Couples from ethnic minorities are not barred from adoption even in racist areas. Only through the full inclusion of gays in society and all its institutions can we hope to overcome prejudice."	FAVOR
1916	gayRights	No thats not what I'm saying, that should be left for the kids to decide.	AGAINST
1917	gayRights	Nothing can take away one's right to his opinion or his right to express it. One's right to marry a person of his or her choosing is what proposition 8 WOULD do. I think I would prefer to have both of those rights, just as you do.	FAVOR
1918	gayRights	"Kirstie, Fact is Kids are cruel. If its not gay then they are cruel bout those who are tall, fat, thin, short, have curly hair, don't have the latest clothes. Point is kids are always going to find something to pick about. I was picked on because I was adopted and my parents weren't my ""real"" parents so I must have had something wrong with me. Then when they got tired of that it was my weight, then my height, then who I dated. Having gay parents isn't going to change anything for a kid being teased by children raised by close minded parents."	AGAINST
1919	gayRights	I have found that there are a few argument tactics that are used to get people to agree with the point being defended. One of those tactics is to associate the opposing point to something that is almost universally despised. This tactics works because a lot of people are passionate beings that are too lazy to analyze the argument and realize that there was an association made (not an comparison).For example, associating civil unions with slavery and no suffrage for women is not a comparison.Civil unions are the same thing as marriage, only with a different name (this is a comparison). Slavery was not the same thing as freedom, only with a different name. Women not allowed to vote was not the same as women suffrage, only with a different name. Therefore one cannot make the comparison between civil unions and slavery (or civil unions and suffrage) and show that they are similar. In both slavery and not allowing women to vote, people were losing rights. In civil unions, they are given marriage rights (but a different word is used).	AGAINST
1920	gayRights	"Sorry about the first link...I can't edit so will just attempt to re-post it along with the rest of the important information in the article:    ;109/2/341?fulltext=&searchid=QID_NOT_SETor you could try    ;109/2/341""Stereotypes and laws that maintain discriminatory practices are based on the assumption that lesbian mothers and gay fathers are different from heterosexual parents in ways that are important to their childrenÃ•s well-being. Empirical evidence reveals in contrast that gay fathers have substantial evidence of nurturance and investment in their paternal role and no differences from heterosexual fathers in providing appropriate recreation, encouraging autonomy,5 or dealing with general problems of parenting.6 Compared with heterosexual fathers, gay fathers have been described to adhere to stricter disciplinary guidelines, to place greater emphasis on guidance and the development of cognitive skills, and to be more involved in their childrenÃ•s activities.7 Overall, there are more similarities than differences in the parenting styles and attitudes of gay and nongay fathers.Similarly, few differences have been found in the research from the last 2 decades comparing lesbian and heterosexual mothersÃ• self-esteem, psychologic adjustment, and attitudes toward child rearing.8,9 Lesbian mothers fall within the range of normal psychologic functioning on interviews and psychologic assessments and report scores on standardized measures of self-esteem, anxiety, depression, and parenting stress indistinguishable from those reported by heterosexual mothers.10Lesbian mothers strongly endorse child-centered attitudes and commitment to their maternal roles11Ã13 and have been shown to be more concerned with providing male role models for their children than are divorced heterosexual mothers.6,14 Lesbian and heterosexual mothers describe themselves similarly in marital and maternal interests, current lifestyles, and child-rearing practices.14 They report similar role conflicts, social support networks, and coping strategies.15,16""The problem here is that people assume same-sex parents are bad for the children because they're biased against gays, not because they have any actual reason to think so."	FAVOR
1921	gayRights	The church is not a wealthy Hollywood entity; it supports prop 8. It has supported marriage between one man and one woman for an astonishing long 112 YEARS! Before that church doctrine supported POLYGAMY. That the church should try to force its new philosophy on others is a puzzlement. 	FAVOR
1922	gayRights	Well, you see gay couples getting married doesn't hurt anyone while the rest of your examples do. A father and daughter getting married, then the kids are usually deformed, and that is hurting their child. Three men or four women, is polygamy which is illegal, because some of those in the marriage could be hurt emotionally by it. Also this is your religious belief with the insitution older then civilisation itself stuff. Seperation of church and state should always be remembered.	FAVOR
1923	gayRights	    Rick Brentlinger    /	FAVOR
1924	gayRights	" All of the arguments negating this question are comparing against the dysfunctions occurring in worse case marriages."	AGAINST
1925	gayRights	"I believe that   gay marriage   is wrong & should not be legal. as ejones said...1 Corinthians 6:9-11: ""Or do you not know that the unrighteous will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be decieved; neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, NOR HOMOSEXUALS, 10 nor thieves, nor the covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor swindlers, shall inherit the kingdom of God. 11 And such WERE some of you; but you were washed, but you were sanctified, but yiou were justified in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, and in the Spirit of our God."""	AGAINST
1926	gayRights	First let me be clear.  As a homosexual, I do not support gay marriage.  I agree with those who believe marriage only between a man and a woman should be legal because the institution provides the optimal framework in our society for raising children.  But let me tell you clearly.  Only one who is a homosexual can determine if it is a normal condition of life.  Apart from the dubious biblical interpretation, your argument is as silly to homosexuals as the idea that red hair is not normal because most people do not have red hair.  	AGAINST
1927	gayRights	That's one of your problems Jake...You tell people...you don't reason it out or even back it up with facts, statistics or anything else of value. You are completely homophobic Jake, face it. The possibility of this being a viable relationship is so foreign to you that you believe a child would be ruined by being a part of that relationship. Homosexuality is not a disease my friend...it's a way of life that was given those of us who are. No one should be punished because of it.	FAVOR
1928	gayRights	the gays have no use in society. think about a nut and bolt you put two bolts together and it won't work. take put two nuts together and you still have nothing. but if you put a nut and bolt together you will get results needed. it works with males and females. being gay needs to be outlawed.	AGAINST
1929	gayRights	Nope, they should'nt if their children percieved that their family is abnormal that mindset will stay with him for a pretty good long time.During his childhood years, his friends will laugh at him for having two fathersAnd when he is old enough to find out about how babies came about he will be curious how two males will give birth to a offspring.He might think this is alright if he is gay too -,-	AGAINST
1930	gayRights	I think I may have deserved the downvote because I did not organize my last argument very effectively. Instead of getting into a long draw out thing this time, I am going to go back to my original intention.What I was referring to as bigotry was ignoring certain facts. In this case I was talking about JakeJ, because he repeatedly claimed that homosexuality was a choice, and I repeatedly showed him the proof that it wasn't. JakeJ, and most other people opposed to gay marriage don't use your argument but instead make baseless claims (i.e. kids can be turned gay, or gay parents can't raise children). When these things have been proven scientifically, continuing to use the same arguments is dishonest. I know that, in probably less then 50 years, the people who opposed allowing gays their rights will be considered bigots, for better or worse, and so I therefore stand by my statements.	FAVOR
1931	gayRights	"Your views that homosexuality is immoral does not translate to whether or not same-sex marriages are allowed.As the courts recognized in State v. Baxley:""In 1976, for example, the Protestant Episcopal Church issued the following resolution:Ã’Resolved, that it is the sense of this General Convention that homosexual persons are children of God, who have a full and equal claim with all other persons upon the love, acceptance, and pastoral concern and care of the Church.Ã’This General Convention expresses its conviction that homosexual persons are entitled to equal protection of the law with all other citizens, and calls upon our society to see such protection provided in actuality.Ã’In 1982, the General Convention of the Episcopal Church reaffirmed its position that Ã’homosexual persons are children of God and are entitled to full civil rights.Ã“The American Friends Service Committee, Unitarian Universalist Association, United Methodist Church, American Lutheran Church, and other churches have held this same belief (Cases and Materials on Sexual Orientation and the Law.  2nd ed.  Ed. William B. Rubenstein.  1997.  West Publishing Co.  St. Paul.Ã’Amici Curiae Brief of Religious Organizations and Leaders.Ã“  State v. Baxley.).  They all think that homosexuality might be immoral, yet they also believe that homosexuals should be afforded the same rights.So ... what was your argument again?"	FAVOR
1932	gayRights	"I disagree with your reasoning in a number of areas.First, you have simply reworded (however inadvertently) the anti-gay viewpoint of Robert Gagnon which asserts that scripture condemns every same sex partnership without distinguishing between committed faithful non-cultic partnerships and shrine prostitute couplings (Gagnon, The Bible And Homosexual Practice) when you say:>>>>""we partitioned, outside of the context of the scripture... same-sex unions into acceptable ones... and unacceptable ones... This partitioning did not exist at all in scripture""<<<< I submit that scripture does differentiate (partition) same sex sexual activity and that this differentiation/partition was recognized by the authors of scripture who wrote about Sodom, by the authors of scripture who alluded to Leviticus 18:22 and 20:13 and by Jewish rabbis and philosophers like Philo of Alexandria. All of them focused on shrine prostitution when discoursing on these verses, as did the rabbis whose human wisdom fills the Babylonian Talmud.    Further, Dr. Gagnon (THE most ardent anti-gay evangelical alive today) contradicts your assertion on pages 100-110 and 130 of his book when he asserts the primacy of shrine prostitution in ancient Israel and remarks that shrine prostitution was the primary manifestation of homosexual activity in ancient Israel.Gagnon, the anti-gay crusader, differentiates committed faithful, non-cultic same sex partnerships from the shrine prostitution against which Moses and God inveigh in Leviticus 18:22 and 20:13.Second, EVERY human author of scripture who mentions Sodom fails to link Sodom to homosexuality.    Third, EVERY human author of scripture who alludes to Leviticus 18:22 and 20:13 links the verses to shrine prostitution or the qadesha (shrine prostitutes).    In attempting to buttress your argument I believe you vastly overreach when you state:>>>>""I submit, because at *least at that time*, the writers of scripture quite probably saw any same-sex sexual union *only in that context*, and couldn't conceive of it outside of an idolatrous, cultic context.""<<<<Rick Brentlinger    "	FAVOR
1933	gayRights	I care what sources the article cites.  Any old article can make any old claim, but unless the sources they cite are relevant and compelling, the article is as good as Joe Schmoe's rantings about why the world will end in ten days.Once again, I implore you to look at the titles of the references.  You'll see that most of what's written in the article itself is just clever wordplay and misusing research to further one's own ends.  The article might -tell- you that the research is against same-sex marriages, but in reality, the references are against divorce and single parents.You can't build your argument off of research that is making a very different point.  You can't pull research out of context and use it for your own ends.  That's academic dishonesty.	FAVOR
1934	gayRights	Did you choose your sex when you were born? Sexuality and gender identity are not choices any more than being left-handed or having brown eyes or being heterosexual are choices. They are a part of who you are. The choice is in deciding how to live your life.	FAVOR
1935	gayRights	"i agree, this cannot be ""evolved"" though, i do think it is genetic (will talk about this next).cant be evolved because- according to darwin, we (animals) evolve so that we can survive and have stronger offspring. gays cant have kids, therefor, why would they have ""evolved"" into being gay?is genetic - see my previous arguements"	AGAINST
1936	gayRights	"""I have not ""derided another's love as unworthy"" as you claim.""Yes you have, all who campaign against gay marriage are essentially making that statement.""this does not necessarily reflect ones personal views but is an exercize in public debate methods""Well if you're just playing Devil's advocate, then I apologize for calling you a gay-basher.But consider the effects of your words: Neocon sheep are liable to skim through your argument, nodding their heads without understanding, thinking that there is some kind of rational justification for their hateful beliefs. We can't have that.Oh, and you seem to have overlooked the last paragraph in my previous argument. No ad-hominem there."	FAVOR
1937	gayRights	I couldn't give you a high five so an up vote will have to do ;)	AGAINST
1938	gayRights	"    ""...it has been proven, time and again, that isn't the case.""I don't know of a single time it's been ""proven"" that the Bible does not condemn homosexual behavior, let alone ""time and time again."" Only if you consider it proof for people to promote different ideas based on their own personal preferences.   ""The Bible, in it's original language and context, doesn't even address homosexuality as we know it today...""This is exactly what I was talking about when I said, ""He was never able to get past [the Biblical authors'] homophobia throughout thousands of years--until this enlightened generation came along and discovered what God really said."" The idea that we have a somehow higher knowledge of homosexuality--a grasp of what it means to be ""gay"" that hasn't existed in all of human history, is arrogant and self-deceiving."	AGAINST
1939	gayRights	"Jake. Really?If you don't have anymore valid points then shut up!""we live in a country of religious freedom... where religion has the freedom to oppress.""NOT FALSE... I am very oppressed by your religion. Because of your religion, I can't marry a woman.If you don't make a valid point soon, you're going to look very stupid."	FAVOR
1940	gayRights	"Ã’Across a diverse array of assessments, we found that the personal, family, and school adjustment of adolescents living with same-sex parents did not differ from that of adolescents living with opposite-sex parents. Consistent with the findings of earlier research (e.g., Huggins, 1989), we found that adolescent self-esteem did not vary as a function of family type. In addition, we found no differences as a function of family type in measures of personal adjustment, such as depressive symptoms and anxiety; in measures of school adjustment, such as academic achievement, trouble in school, or feelings of school connectedness; or in measures of the qualities of family relationships, such as autonomy, care from adults and peers, neighborhood integration, or parental warmth. The clarity of results from this broad array of assessments strengthens our confidence that adolescents living with same-sex parents were functioning well in many domains, both at home and at school.Ã“ p. 1895Ã’Most adolescents in our sample reported having had a romantic relationship in recent months, but only a minority reported having had sexual intercourse; there were no significant differences in this regard as a function of family type.Ã“ p. 1895Ã’An unexpected aspect of our results was the finding that adolescents' feelings of connectedness at school varied as a function of family type. Adolescents living with same-sex parents reported feeling more connected to school than did those living with opposite-sex parents. Inasmuch as school connectedness among adolescents has been associated with fewer problem behaviors and greater emotional well-being (Resnick et al., 1997), this finding suggests that adolescents with same-sex parents might be expected to show more favorable adjustment. For measures of adjustment such as self-esteem and depressive symptoms, however, we found no effects of family type. Consequently, the best interpretation of this intriguing finding remains unclear.Ã“ p. 1896However, we cannot conclusively say here that (1) same-sex parents are just as good for their children (due to small population size and the fact that ""good parents"" might be a result of other things like community, etc.) or (2) same-sex parents are just as mentally stable as opposite-sex parents.    Violent crimes have decreased, meaning that the trend towards the slight decrease in sexually oriented hate crimes might be a result of crimes decreasing across the board as opposed to more sexual-oriented-based tolerance."	FAVOR
1941	gayRights	Nobody wants to redefine marriage. We just want to expand the definition slightly to be fair to homosexuals.	FAVOR
1942	gayRights	"""the way you worded your statement shows that you believe""Hmm, that doesn't make sense. If I say something does that mean that I believe it? No."	AGAINST
1943	gayRights	This debate is about same sex parenting, not the effects of divorce on children. Yes, it is true that same-sex parents all have step-families by default, but many (most?) times these are step-families since the time of the child's birth. I am assuming that most of this divorce research is done on children who are at some stage of development past the first year, when heterosexual parental bonding has already occurred. It appears this entire argument is invalid to the topic.	FAVOR
1944	gayRights	 is Letter to Louise, one of the best studies of the actual words in the Bible - not the English version, the real Bible, in it's actual languages it was written in - as it pertains to homosexuality.Read this. THEN tell me how you think homosexuality is a sin. Very, VERY, thin argument your side is making.Then let me throw a few verses at you about love, your obligation to help the disadvantaged, and your fundamental need to abandon your wealth if you truly seek God.That will make a very interesting session.	FAVOR
1945	gayRights	"""Communism, Fascism, Racism (which is far newer than we are taught)""Communism, in a sense, has always existed... it just was never formally codified.  As an economic / political system it can work on a small scale (single tribes or family group), though it falls apart when projected over a larger group.Fascism is just authoritarianism repackaged.  There were many brutal tyrants before Fascism existed (and I'm sure that there will be many more).Racism has always been part of the human condition...  It is the idea that ones own social group (such as a tribe or nation) is superior to all others.""Yes we make material progress, but that does not mean we always make moral progress.""We have been making great strides.  Slavery, as a global institution, has been all but eliminated... and it no longer exists as a   legal   entity in much of the world.  The rights of women have been expanding... to the point where in nearly every country they have the right to own property and vote."	FAVOR
1946	gayRights	So, beyond queenraven's obvious point that marriage has nothing to do with children, you honestly think that only ideal parents should be allowed to marry?That almost makes ME want to use the slippery slope fallacy!	FAVOR
1947	gayRights	There's no reason they can't. It's not like they can have biological children without a suragate, and what if they don't like that option? Moreover, the children would just as happy a life with a gay couple as a straight couple.	FAVOR
1948	gayRights	I want to marry my   girlfriend   so bad, and it saddens me that I can't because the rest of the world thinks it's wrong. I just hope that   prop 8   will pass in November!	AGAINST
1949	gayRights	I think the major point that everyone is missing is that few people would get married if it were not for the benefits attached to such a union. If you remove the benefits, would anyone wish to get married?Another point of issue, marriage is a religious icon. Why is the government issuing benefits based on the edicts of established religion? If people wish to get married or divorced, why does Uncle Sam or any of the 50 states really care?So to summarize, Gay marriage does hurt us. It hurts us by allowing the government to further violate the constitution by respecting the beliefs of established religion. I vote against Gay marriage and I vote against ANY form of marriage where two people must register their union with the government.Our forefathers fought against the stamp tax, yet 240 years later the constitution has been raped and the very laws we fought against have been slowly yoked around our necks.	AGAINST
1950	gayRights	"So the government's approval determines whether an act is ""sinful"" or not?"	FAVOR
1951	gayRights	Rick,Thank you for your comments, which are quite well thought out. I have to say that even though they are well thought out, I disagree with them. I've found that your arguments ignore a common theme in scripture. I've also noted that you've not mentioned key passages about sexual relationships and marriage in their appropriate context. But before doing so, let me be specific about my views.Before I say anything else, I'd like to say that I am a former homosexual. I believe that the Bible dictates sin as sin, but does not condemn the person. What do I mean? John 3:16 writes that God loved the world (humans) and sent his son to die. God doesn't say that sin is acceptable, but provides the solution for it. God loves every person, and wants the best for them. In the same way whether a person is gay or not should not have a bearing on how God loves them, this according to scripture. However, at the same time, Scripture is crystal clear that homosexuality is a sin, and all sin needs to be dealt with, just as I have dealt with mine(1 John 1:8-10).In your Seven Flawed Arguments you have not mentioned Jesus sayings in their correct form: (Mark 10:6-9 NIV)	AGAINST
1952	gayRights	I do not think we should label 'religion' as nonsense. Having a moral code is a valuable part of human life, whether or not we define it as religion. But I don't want to change the argument: yes, I agree, just because a religious doctrine may discourage homosexuality, does not mean we must apply that doctrine to a secular government.But please, feel free to add to this argument/write against it. I am encouraging more debate!	FAVOR
1953	gayRights	What are you trying to say here?  You have apparently missed the point.  Freedom of speech and freedom from the consequences of what you say are two different things.  Also, you can't be thrown in jail for having an opinion.  But, you can be thrown in jail for acting on your opinion.Try to be more descriptive with your argument.  You may have a valid point, but it's not clear in what you are writing.	FAVOR
1954	gayRights	yup,gays should have the right to marry becoz they are attracted to each other...and if they are in true love then they should proceed..and it will also help to decrease the population...........................................	FAVOR
1955	gayRights	"""Marriage is, at its heart, a religious concept.""This is factually inaccurate.  Marriage is a cultural construct that transcends religions, whose requirements and structure vary from religion to religion, culture to culture, period to period.Marriage as understood in western society arose from property issues, particularly inheritance for legitimate male offspring.  For a signficant part of Christian history, the Christian church did not participate in marriages.  Marriage in the U.S. is not contingent on having any religious allegiance, nor does it require adherence to the rules and beliefs of one's chosen religion.  The marriage contract in the U.S. is a civil contract, and the clergy's religious role in weddings is ancillary to the civil authority they are granted by the state to recognize the civil contract of marriage."	FAVOR
1956	gayRights	"""The case for gay marriage"". The Economist. February 26th, 2004 "	AGAINST
1957	gayRights	When I refer to a Gay Lifestyle I of course refer to the obvious, sex and love with a member of the same sex. All the Gay people I have personally known, and there have been several, lead lives that were otherwise indistinguishable from anybody else so I don't even accept any other meaning. Be careful when you make such accusative, and incorrect assumptions about someone you don't even know. I expect an apology if your big enough to do so.	FAVOR
1958	gayRights	"If rational truth is not subjective and it can be validated by this faith, a faith which requires God, then it is dependent on a spiritual truth.  If this spiritual truth is merely subjective than anything built on its foundation must also be subjective.  In this case there is again, no objective rational truth.  However, if it is objective than rational truth can also be objective.  Therefore, if rational truth is objective so must be spiritual truth.  This is not to disregard the reality that each human does have different experiences and phenomenon and that our minds make sense often with our language and other systems of the world around us.  However, there is an objective reality we can know because of God.  God is just an abstract exterior concept that as a principle guarantees our true witness of reality but he himself is involved in this world.  He was involved as its Creator, sustains all things and came into it most definitively in the person of Jesus Christ.  Spiritual truth has a basis in reality.  It is not just human belief but human belief in a real God, in the real person of Jesus Christ.  ""Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.""- (Hebrews 11:1, KJV)Faith is evidence.  It is evidence not of that which is not real but that which, though unseen, is real.  Notice that I have stated that rational truth, if it is able to be objective, can be objective.  It is not always.  By the nature of reason it should be sound but by the nature of the humans who reason we know it is often not.  We are limited.  Rational truth cannot be limited to only materialism or scientisim.  That is rational truth is based in the real but that does not mean it is only based in matter or in the stuff we can see, taste, hear, touch etc.  Nor is it limited to only being correct if it is scientific and is discerned through the scientific method.  Spiritual truth can be perfectly rational but cannot be demanded to bow to the narrow views of materialism or scientisim or naturalism or other human philosophies.  This does not mean that spiritual truth is automatically right because it is spiritual but it does mean that spiritual truth can be rational.  You are correct in asserting that anything humans do is flawed.  Including our rational minds.  Why is it logical that our flawed system of rational should pluck out our flaws when it in itself is flawed. The Word of God however, is from God and through written through men is from him and perfect. Furthermore, faith is also a gift from God.   Truth comes from God, without him there is not truth. Truth begins with him not with man.  Man is not the measure, God is.  That God has spoken to us is how truth comes to us, in the Bible.  This truth came through the real, in real societies, in real men and woman in time and history.  Likewise did Christ, the Word made flesh.  This is the difference between Christianity and all other religions.  As Bishop Fulten Sheen said, ""If religion is mans search for God Christianity is God's search for man.""  We can't assume that all religions have the same origin as if they are all essentially the same when in reality they are not.  The Bible did not come from man but from God.  The pain, unrest and warfare that has spurred from religious conflict is truly tragic.  We should be able to be rational but that does not mean that faith is irrational.  The Ten Commandments are not the opposite of the U.S. Constitution, it historically undeniable fact of their and other Biblical influence on the U.S. Constitution.  The summary of the commandments is not do not but do, do love God and do love your neighbor.  They are laws that deal with God and people.  To kill or murder is wrong in Christian faith because it is a sin against God and against that persons humanity.  God does stuff with purpose, including give his laws.  God hates murder because he loves all people.  He wants us to trust him and obey him out of faith and trust but that doesn't mean that because we should obey him because we love and trust him that his laws have not reason, quite the opposite.  God is definer of justice itself and he is the source of every reason for justice as he is the source of reason.  Biblical faith is not irrational or foolhardy.  """"To God belong wisdom and power;       counsel and understanding are his."" Job 12:13, NIVAgain, peace Sid,Spencer"	AGAINST
1959	gayRights	"When you say 3000 years of human wisdom, who are you referring to? The Greeks? The Romans? The Jews?""Western Civilization and 3000 years of wisdom"" vs. ""3000 years of human wisdom""Are you saying that people who aren't a part of western civilization aren't wise, or aren't human?"	FAVOR
1960	gayRights	We all have our likes and dislikes in life, and some of the things we like are not legal because they harm ourselves or others.  Broadly speaking that's what law is based on. The majority of those laws are based on harm to others and harm to oneself.  Homosexuality does not harm others and homosexuals would obviously agree that it does not harm them.  If human beings are taught to fear and hate homosexuals as they very often are, particularly among religious groups, there is going to be an attempt to suppress it.  Fear and disgust of homosexuality is the root causes of all activity to suppress it.Now imagine if you will, a thousand years in the future, humankind is traveling the galaxy and comes across an alien world of alien cultures and alien reproductive habits.  If in those thousand years we have not learned to conquer our fear of homosexuality, how will we ever be able to face the shock of alien cultures on distant planets?We are provincial, paranoid, and feeble to succumb to fear that is behind homophobia. Future generations already show signs of courage and tolerance.  The embarrassing truth is older generations steeped in homophobia are in positions of authority to continue the assault on gays and lesbians.	FAVOR
1961	gayRights	" Im just cant be silent!! My story at   www.hope7.highpowersites.com   Reminder number 1 why homosexual marriage is criminal in every way!The Duke Official who by the way is homosexual who has been raping his adopted son and recruiting other homosexual men to also rape his 5 yo adopted son, unfortunatly is not the except of the rule for homosexual men. Dont even try to say it isnt there is way to much proof otherwise!AP) WASHINGTON - A Duke University official has been arrested and charged with offering his adopted 5-year-old son for sex.Frank Lombard, the school's associate director of the Center for Health Policy, was arrested after an Internet sting, according to the FBI's Washington field office and the city's   police   department.According to an affidavit by District of Columbia Police Det. Timothy Palchak, an unnamed informant facing charges in his own child sex case led authorities to Lombard.Authorities said that Lombard tried to persuade a person -who he did not know was a police officer -to travel to North Carolina to have sex with Lombard's child.The detective's affidavit charges Lombard identified himself online as ""perv dad for fun,"" and says that in an online chat with the detective, Lombard said he had sexually molested his son, whom he adopted as an infant.The court papers say Lombard also invited the undercover detective to North Carolina to have sex with the young boy, and even suggested which hotel he should use.""In response to the AP report, which most of the newspapers used almost verbatim, Mike Adams of Townhall made the observation that ""The Associate Press (AP) did not mention the fact that the five-year old offered up for molestation was black. Bringing that fact to light might be damaging to the political coalition that exists between blacks and gays. Nor did the AP mention that the adopted child is being raised by a homosexual couple. Bringing that fact to light might harm the gay   adoption   movement."" With this shocking lack of coverage of an even more shocking story, many are asking why this did not make the front pages and top   headlines   like the Duke lacrosse team scandal did. Thomas Lifson of American Thinker posited that ""identity   politics   ... apparently trumps all sense of outrage.""END QUTOERead article and think of all the   children   that will be harmed, if not physical abuse then emotional and psychological damage because of ssm.I know it sounds unfair but Id rather err on the side of protecting children than on the side of homosexuals to destroy marriage as we have known it and destroy the fabric of families that will adveresly affect children. This article is the best, of thousands, reason to not permit same-sex marriges. I pray to God that this disguised attempt to put our children into danger is ended once and for all when we define marriage for all time, for one man and one woman for holy matrimony. If homosexual couples want to marry they have civil   unions  , period. "	AGAINST
1962	gayRights	From my understanding, the Topic is Gay adoption and should the opportunity of adoption be extended to those in a homosexual relationship. Whether if be a man and a man or a women and a women as a couple having the opportunity to raise a child. Also, the topic makes mention of human interaction with the child, during the raising and nurturing, from a male and a female. Can the same be done with two of the same sex? I would argue that you cannot compare apples to oranges. That is why I was interested in the specific points of nurture and the ability to raise. Which you so eloquently wrote out and felt the need to go into an extreme situation. While I do understand what you are stating, that is why we have a legal system in place. This is to prevent what US society would not consider a suitable parent. What you fail to address is how a Gay couple would not make a suitable parental unit. Please refer to the 1st page of this book:source:  You will find that adoption is considered: the creation of a parent-child relationship by judicial order between two parties who usually are unrelated.	FAVOR
1963	gayRights	You think things have changed significantly since 2004?  Studies take time to compile.  Do you actually believe that an entire body of data spreading over the course of the last 30-40 years could show that   children   of same-gender parents are healthy, well-adjusted, and not at a disadvantage as compared with their opposite-gender-parented peers, but then somehow something would happen in the last 5 years which would turn all that on its ear?  Sure, whatever.  If you can produce a study in the last five years which demonstrates that the last 30-40 years' worth of studies are wrong, please link it right up and I'll be happy to have a look. 	FAVOR
1964	gayRights	"Cool.  If you can cross-post, I can cross-post too.  (Oh yeah, and you have comments waiting in the other place you made this post.)""Perhaps the people polled were -not- chosen at random. Perhaps the people polled were pulled from parts of the country where promiscuity, drug use, alcohol, etc. were already rampant. Did the study report their findings on opposite-sex couples within their sample?Furthermore, promiscuity, drug use, alcohol, etc. could very well have been the result of homosexuality being perceived as a social stigma, in which case -homosexuality- is not causing the promiscuity, etc. but -social stigmas-.Or perhaps those are linked to lacking marriage. Are there studies that report these same variables with married and unmarried opposite-sex couples? I don't find this one to be a far cry from the truth either, because homosexuals would be promiscuous as a result of not needing to stay in a marriage.I -will- be satisfied with data once the data is sufficient and can counterbalance some of the data I've found. Until then, I don't think you can draw your conclusions without sticking the word ""premature"" in front of them.""Furthermore, it was demonstrated that some of the studies cited actually came from people polled within AIDS clinics and the like.Personally, I think hate crimes are a decent measure of how society responds to homosexuality:      (Table 1 for each year under Hate Crimes section) As you'll notice, hate crimes have neither had a dramatic increase or drop since 1995, suggesting that tolerance may only be getting -slightly- better (if we account for the population increase, though we have to counterbalance for cities lost within the samples). Furthermore, you and I both know that there's going to be a time-lag in the feedback system here. Information isn't spread instantaneously; people don't change their perception of themselves overnight.As for the data I've collected, it revolves around -parenting-, and to infer that -parenting- is closely enough related to -mental stability-... I don't think there's a close enough connection. In any case, I pulled the information from here: Psychosocial Adjustment, School Outcomes, and Romantic Relationships of Adolescents With Same-Sex Parents. Jennifer L. Wainright, Stephen T. Russell, and Charlotte J. Patterson. Child Development, 2004, Volume 75, Number 6, Pages 1886-1898.In the introduction, the author cites various other studies which I'm not particularly interested in, though the studies contend that same-sex parents have no effect on children's self esteem.I believe that the study only used forty-four families, though, so you'll have to realize that the sample might be too small and not representative of the community.Ã’The results of the present study, which is the first based on a large national sample of adolescents living with same-sex couples, revealed that on nearly all of a large array of variables related to school and personal adjustment, adolescents with same-sex parents did not differ significantly from a matched group of adolescents living with opposite-sex parents. Regardless of family type, adolescents were more likely to show favorable adjustment when they perceived more caring from adults and when parents described close relationships with them. Thus, as has been reported in studies of children with lesbian mothers (e.g., Chan et al., 1998), it was the qualities of adolescent-parent relationships rather than the structural features of families (e.g., same vs. opposite-sex parents) that were significantly associated with adolescent adjustment (Golombok, 1999; Patterson, 2000).Ã“ p. 1895"	FAVOR
1965	gayRights	"Commanders/officers also cannot ask about orientation. ""Don't ask don't tell"" is fair in the sense that commanders and officers alike are barred from asking about the sexuality of soldiers. This levels the playing field to a certain extent. It means that commanders and officers cannot alienate and persecute soldiers out of speculation that they may be gay. This was the compromise that was struck when Bill Clinton sought to enable gays in the military, but was met with heavy resistance. Restrictions on officers and commanders inquiring about the orientation of members of the military was an improvement over the previous policy, which forbid gays and allowed overt inquires and persecutions. "	AGAINST
1966	gayRights	Oil spills occur in nature, therefore they are natural and good. School shootings occur in nature, therefore they are natural and good. Interesting morality you got here.Oh but, you say. Homosexuality doesn't hurt anyone. Really? why is their life expectancy rate almost half that of heterosexual males? It's certainly not from bigotry and intolerance. It's more like suicide and infectious disease.So in short the morality you propose is woefully inadequate. I'll stick to basing mine on the immutable character of our creator, not the changing opinions of mere men.	FAVOR
1967	gayRights	"What is it that makes you think you're funny Joe? What makes you think you can write anything you please on the debate boards and not have to pay the piper for it? I just voted you down for the remark you made in this debate and will continue to do so every time I see an answer from you that is not germane or is disguised as a piece of humor because you don't really care to take a stand. On this one you used the tag to get your true feelings on the board and decided to make a ""butt"" joke out of the topic. I can't be an ally anymore Joe. Even though my sense of fun and humor are intact...yours really isn't because you use it to injure and hurt people. You make a mockery of things that are important to many people and you just don't care about anyone else but yourself Joe. I don't really know what you're doing here! You put up debates that are ridiculous, you put up arguments that are even more ridiculous and, quite frankly, I don't know why CD allows it. You lend no credibility to this site nor do you even think about it in that way. You said once that all you want to do is have fun and show people that they take things too seriously in life. This IS a debate site...don't you think that one of the reasons for its existence and success is the fact that people do take things seriously enough to come debate whatever issue they feel is worth discussing? Why don't you take a moment to think about what I've said Joe. Until you can really be an ally or a friend...Adios!"	FAVOR
1968	gayRights	"Oh, you're right!  Here, let me parse up the articles for you.Kyle Pruett, Fatherneed (Broadway Books, 2001) 204.Elizabeth Marquardt, The Moral and Spiritual Lives of Children of Divorce. Forthcoming.Ellis, Bruce J., et al., ""Does Father Absence Place Daughters at Special Risk for Early Sexual Activity and Teenage Pregnancy?"" Child Development, 74:801-821.David Popenoe, Life Without Father (Boston: Harvard University Press, 1999).Eleanor MacCoby, The Two Sexes: Growing Up Apart, Coming Together (Boston: Harvard, 1998).Steven Rhoads, Taking Sex Differences Seriously (Encounter Books, 2004).Hey, would you look at that?!  Most of the articles are talking about the -absence- of a parent!  Maybe it's -divorces- that cause psychological problems, not lacking a parent of one gender or the other."	FAVOR
1969	gayRights	I do feel sorry for anyone who can't marry the person of who they want to spend the rest of their life with. However, those who choose to go with their desires and follow the gay path with all it's goods also have to accept it's bads. Marriage is accepted as a bond between Man and WIFE. With it comes legal and moral rights and obligations. And some of us do actually still respect them. There are alot of people who aren't able, for one reason or another to marry the partner of their choice, who aren't gay. Do you think a brother and sister should be able to get married if they fall in love. Certain religions will only allow men from their religion to marry women from their religion.And a man who respects that religion will abide by that rule Some nationalities wont allow interracial marriages.. Certain States apparently do recognise gay marriages so if you want to get married as a gay couple and have it recognised than move to that state. But i don't think it should be accepted across the board, which will probably piss off alot of the gays that I know.	AGAINST
1970	gayRights	You dun sound as if you is frum a reel dun edumuhcated civuhlization.Translation, wtf? Just because homosexuality isn't right for you, doesn't give you the right to judge others. Don't hate on people who are just trying too love one another. As long as no one is forcing you into anything, what should you care?	FAVOR
1971	gayRights	In why you say that people are NOT born gay despite admitting being born gay yourself.	FAVOR
1972	gayRights	By keeping homosexuals from marrying, you are sending the message that something is wrong with them.To say that they deserve to marry is insane. It isn't a matter of deserving. It is a matter of fair and equal treatment under the law.Some day, in the future, we will look back at the people who opposed homosexual marriage the same way we view those who opposed interracial marriage or the right of the mentally disabled to marry.Since a marriage is a government identified institution, the government MUST treat all citizens equally and afford everyone the same opportunities.	FAVOR
1973	gayRights	So because a homosexual family does not fit the traditional definition of family they shouldn't be allowed to have kids? Orphans who have no parents are better off than if they have two parents who happen to be of the same sex?Trust me when I say, no kids are hurt by having homosexual parents. I know first hand and many researchers have shown that two parents, regardless of gender, are better off then one or no parents. Also what activities are you talking about? A girl with two moms won't have a date for the father daughter dance? Is that the biggest complaint you have? If you think we should deny people rights because school functions may need to be redefined then I think you need to get your priorities straight.	FAVOR
1974	gayRights	good strategy - I hadn't thought of just picking the other side and making a stupid argument - way to help illuminate some of the ludacris things people on the other side tend to say. hopefully that is what you are doing.	FAVOR
1975	gayRights	"Mathew 19: 4: And he answered and said unto them, Have ye not read, that he which made them at the beginning made them male and female, 5: And said, For this cause shall a man leave father and mother, and shall cleave to his wife: and they twain shall be one flesh?     Here Jesus establishes the obligation for a man to marry and be faithful to one wife. 9: And I say unto you, Whosoever shall put away his wife, except it be for fornication, and shall marry another, committeth adultery: and whoso marrieth her which is put away doth commit adultery.      This reaffirms the requirement of monogamy. 10: His disciples say unto him, If the case of the man be so with his wife, it is not good to marry.     The disciples find this rule difficult to accept. 11: But he said unto them, All (men) cannot receive this saying, save they to whom it is given.     Jesus gives them an option. In this option he says that there are those that cannot accept this rule (to marry a woman and be monogamous). It is important to note here that he does not say Ã’will notÃ“, Ã’would rather notÃ“, Ã’chose not toÃ“, but he said Ã’cannotÃ“. This would imply that he was referring to people incapable (mentally, physically, or both) from living by the rules of men. 12A (first category): For there are some eunuchs, which were so born from their mother's womb:     I suspect this means all those incapable of consummating a relationship with a woman for whatever reason. (hermaphrodite or gay). 12B (second category):  and there are some eunuchs, which were made eunuchs of men:     We pretty well all agree that these are actual eunuchs.   12C (third category):  and there be eunuchs, which have made themselves eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven's sake.      The church insists that these are simply celibate priests.    Logically neither of the first two groups would have any interest in women, so they would by their very nature be celibate.    The problem is that there is nothing said or done up to the moment that Christ said this that would indicate that celibacy was a requirement or even a virtue in priests. In fact, all indications are that it was disallowed. How do you Ã’make yourself a EunuchÃ“?  To be a eunuch 2000 years ago meant more than simple celibacy.    What Jesus said in Mathew 19 is completely self contained and can only be read literally. Well once again lets look at verse: 5: And said, For this cause shall a man leave father and mother, and shall cleave to his wife: and they twain shall be one flesh?     No doubt about it, if you were capable of consummating a relationship with a woman, you were required to be married. More importantly, if you were a man you were required to be married. To declare yourself a eunuch was to declare yourself uninterested in women, a eunuch, a non man. This was understood readily 2000 years ago, but modern society has a hard time grasping it.    Having said this there were eunuchs that were allowed into the temple (natural eunuchs who were anatomically correct).     If Jesus was not married he was a eunuch by his own definition. He was anatomically correct because he regularly entered the temple. He had to be a natural eunuch (or married, one or the other).    Only by declaring themselves eunuchs were they exempt from the requirement of marriage. In fact, they were exempt from all rules pertaining only to Ã’menÃ“. The reason was that they were not considered to be Ã’menÃ“. Rules quoted about man being with man did not apply to eunuchs because eunuchs were not considered to be men. The sin was not being gay, but pretending to be men while engaging in gay behavior.     It is most likely that the natural eunuch was the first category: 12A: For there are some eunuchs, which were so born from their mother's womb:and likely included homosexuals.   This group: 12C:  and there be eunuchs, which have made themselves eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven's sake.      If Jesus was not married, then he was a eunuch. If his genitalia was mutilated he could not enter the temple. If the churchÃ•s definition of Ã’born that way"" was hermaphrodites, then Jesus could not be either Ã’born that wayÃ“ or Ã’made that wayÃ“. This only leaves Ã’made themselves eunuchsÃ“ as an option for Jesus. Ã’Made themselves eunuchsÃ“ can only mean one of two things---actually had themselves castrated, or had no interest in women. Either way, in Jesus time, it was a renunciation of manhood at the least.    In that the church has painted him as celibate, they have painted themselves into a corner.     It all ends with: 12D: He that is able to receive it, let him receive it.     Translate---He that can be married should do so, and he who is a eunuch should accept that. You are what you are."	AGAINST
1976	gayRights	" The United States was founded on religious freedom Many people say that the U.S. was founded on religion. This is only partially true. The United States was actually founded on freedom of religion (or the lack thereof), and religion should not play a role in any laws made."	FAVOR
1977	gayRights	" Separation of church and state principles disallow any religious doctrines being involved in the making of law Because gay marriage is principally a state legal issue, Church involvement would be entirely inappropriate."	FAVOR
1978	gayRights	Do you also say fornication is not sin? What is in the Bible about homosexual marriage?	AGAINST
1979	gayRights	--divinely created nature itself. According to the above-mentioned Pew Poll, the next most frequent reason given for opposing gay marriage is that Ã’homosexuality is not natural/normalÃ“ (9 percent).--Of course, the problem is that the opinion of those opposing gay marriage does not really matter. Sure, some people may be unfamiliar with the facts and consider homosexuality to be not natural, but surely we have outgrown such primitive logic and come to realize that homosexuality is not only commonly found in nature but also seems to have a (significant) genetic component.As to the divine part, it seems that God managed to create something in which homosexuality was all but unnatural, although perhaps poorly understood by some. However, homosexuality is but one aspect of same-sex marriage and a focus on sex, while understandable given the fascination of some with gay sex, seems rather misplaced.	FAVOR
1980	gayRights	"To say that ""nobody knows what it means"" in regard to ""arsenokoitai"" is completely incorrect and based on biased assumptive language - very poor debate form.""arsenokoite"" is a combination of the words ""arseno"" (male) and ""koite"" (bed, with a sexual connotation. We get our word ""coitus"" from this word).Paul, being a scholar of the Hebrew Scriptures, did with the Greek just as the Hebrew writers had done when writing what we know of as the Old Testament. They used the term ""mishkab zakur"" - ""mishkab"" meaning bed (with a sexual connotation), and ""zakur"", meaning male or males.When you say ""Bible scholars think that Paul was either condemning sex with underage male prostitutes, or the rape of male prisoners of war,"" would you care to quote these sources? Being a Bible reacher myself, and having studies the texts in the original languages for over twenty years, I have yet to read any such scholarly work as you have mentioned. Please be sure that your sources are credible, yes? "	AGAINST
1981	gayRights	SocialistBetty,I've read several of your post now on different topics and it's very clear to me that you yourself will believe anything someone tells you as long as it promotes your viewpoints.Gay Gene? Please, that's been proved a forgery a long time ago. Only the pro-gay community keeps trying to dig up that dead horse and make it walk!Homosexuality is a learned behavior that can be fixed if dealt with correctly. Just like an alcoholic, though, if the person isn't willing and doesn't have the will-power or help from God then they'll fail. It's a deep issue that requires determination and help to overcome, but it can be overcome.	AGAINST
1982	gayRights	"The ""mediaflow""? You think that we all feel this way because the media told us to? Wow... that is quite an insult! I just know to treat everyone fairly."	FAVOR
1983	gayRights	"""Anything else is a disadvantage by definition.""Cool.  Got research to back that one up?  Because I have tons that tell you that you're wrong.Psychosocial Adjustment, School Outcomes, and Romantic Relationships of Adolescents With Same-Sex Parents.  Jennifer L. Wainright, Stephen T. Russell, and Charlotte J. Patterson.  Child Development, 2004, Volume 75, Number 6, Pages 1886-1898.Ã’The small body of research that has focused on adolescent offspring of families headed by same-sex couples includes Huggins's (1989) study of 36 adolescents, ages 13 to 19, 18 with divorced heterosexual and 18 with divorced lesbian mothers.  In this study, Huggins reported no differences in adolescent self-esteem as a function of mothers' sexual orientation.  Daughters of lesbian mothers also had higher self-esteem if their mother had a romantic partner who lived in the home, if their fathers did not display negative attitudes about the mother's sexual orientation, and if they learned of their mother's sexual orientation at an early age.  Huggins also reported that one adolescent with a heterosexual mother, but none with the lesbian mothers, identified as nonheterosexual.Ã“ p. 1887Ã’O'Connor (1993) studied 11 young men and women, ages 16 to 23, who were the children of divorced or separated lesbian mothers.  Qualitative findings suggested that participants expressed strong love, loyalty, and protectiveness toward their mothers, and a desire for others to understand the benefits of having a lesbian mother, such as increased sensitivity to prejudice.  Informants, however, described worries about losing friends or being judged by others and their need to keep their mothers' sexual orientation a secret from at least some people external to the family.Ã“ p. 1887Ã’Gershon, Tschann, and Jemerin (1999) studied self-esteem, perception of stigma, and coping skills among adolescent offspring of lesbian mothers.  They conducted interviews with 76 adolescents, ages 11 to 18, and examined the impact of societal factors on self-esteem.  The participants had either been born to women who identified as lesbians (25 adolescents) or had been born in the context of their mother's earlier heterosexual marriage (51 adolescents).  Gershon et al. found that adolescents who perceived more stigma related to having a lesbian mother had lower self-esteem in five of seven areas, including social acceptance, self-worth, behavioral conduct, physical appearance, and close friendship.  They hypothesized that the presence of various types of coping skills would moderate this relationship between perceived stigma and self-esteem.  However, their results showed that only good decision making had a moderating effect: In the face of high perceived stigma, adolescents possessing better decision-making skills had higher self-concept in the area of behavioral conduct.Ã“Ã’A slightly older population was studied in Tasker and Golombok's (1997) longitudinal study of young adult offspring of lesbian mothers.  Forty-six young adults, ages 17 to 35, were interviewed in this follow-up to Golombok et al.'s (1983) study of children raised in divorced lesbian mother or divorced heterosexual mother families.  In this generally well-adjusted sample, young men and women who were raised by lesbian mothers were no more likely than those raised by heterosexual mothers to experience depression or anxiety.  Adult children from lesbian mother families were also no more likely than those from other families to have sought professional help for psychiatric problems.  They reported having close friendships during adolescence and were no more likely to remember peer group hostility than were those from other families.  Offspring of lesbian mothers were also no more likely to report same-sex sexual attraction or a gay, lesbian, or bisexual identity than were those from heterosexual families.  They were, however, more likely to have considered a gay or lesbian relationship as a possibility for themselves and to have been involved in a same-sex relationship, suggesting that although sexual attraction and identity may not be related to parental sexual orientation, the likelihood of considering or entering a same-sex relationship may be associated with parents' sexual orientation.Ã“ p. 1887"	FAVOR
1984	gayRights	" The LAMBDA argument sounds rehearsed or practiced. I do not support ssm, its wrong on so many levels. But I guess one of many of my concerns with this absurd phenomenon is the fact that we know that NAMBLA has very strong and documented ties to mainstream homosexual organizations and ssm is only a front to their attempts to rape little boys. I know you will deny it but the evidence is clear and it does not support you it supports the fact that   children   will be put into harms way if ssm is allowed to be normalized by using traditional legacys ie Holy Matrimony for one man and one woman. FBI agent infiltrates NAMBLA and writes book, "" THE LAST UNDERCOVER "" where he exposes link between homosexual activists and NAMBLA.  I guess the next concern I have which also is documented that ssm if its allowed to take on the name of Holy Matrimony vs Civil Unions would only be an attempt to force   Christians   into accepting the act of   homosexuality   as pleasing to Gd and we do not beleive that it is and we beleive that ssm is only about destroying Christian foundations. We only have to look as far as the latest caper pulled by homosexual activists ie the big kiss-in orgy in front of churches to know that they are about destruction not about building anything.  And I guess lastly I would just like to say that you have all the rights you need in a Civil Union so there is no reason to tear down someone elses belief system so you can walk all over them. I join with millions of others to denounce this hypocricy and ask Gd to help us to stop it from destroying other peoples lives so a minority can feel their jollies."	AGAINST
1985	gayRights	I am just curious as to if ou know what A) means???????????????????????	AGAINST
1986	gayRights	"The Bible is fine with slavery. It only says how much you are allowed to beat your slaves; not that slavery is wrong, or that maybe your shouldn't beat them at all.  It even says it is OK to sell your daughter into slavery.  I'm not aware of any sect of Christians who don't deny that particular teaching.  It also demands that a virgin marry her rapist in order to be made pure.  Yes, I will continue to deny the Bible and its ""teachings"".  I don't get my sense of morality from bronze-age shepherds who thought genocide, slavery, and treating women as property was peachy.      /"	FAVOR
1987	gayRights	 What you just listed are known as the Laws of Moses. After Jesus was crucified, these laws, such as not eating shellfish were no longer applicable to Christians. However,   homosexuality  , unlike the other laws, is mentioned again in the New Testament. Please actually read up on these things before accusing the Bible of condoning slavery and stoning people. 	FAVOR
1988	gayRights	"Probably what you say about the cults in and the way they worshipped is true (I haven't done research about that yet) However, there are things that stand out to me in Romans 1:24-26 ""24 So God abandoned them to do whatever shameful things their hearts desired. As a result, they did vile and degrading things with each otherÃ•s bodies. 25 They traded the truth about God for a lie. So they worshiped and served the things God created instead of the Creator himself, who is worthy of eternal praise! Amen. 26 That is why God abandoned them to their shameful desires. Even the women turned against the natural way to have sex and instead indulged in sex with each other.""One of them is that it says, God abandoned them. Even though He loved them, His prescence wasn't dwelling with them so there was no sense of truth or conviction. Second it says that they were abandoned to do whatever shameful things their hearts desired and that because of that they did vile things regarding their bodies.  Then it goes on to say that they exchanged the truth for a lie and so they started to worship idols rather than God. Now this is where he addresses homosexuality. Notice how it says that homosexuality is not normal in verse 26 ""Even the women turned against the natural way to have sex and instead indulged in sex with each other."" By looking at the beginning of  verse 24 and verse 26 we can see that before  idolatry and homosexuality are addressed, both verses explain that God left them so that they would follow their own desires. I feel like this part is repeated to address separate(even though they could go together) issues.verse 27 shows the following 27 And the men, instead of having normal sexual relations with women, burned with lust for each other. Men did shameful things with other men, and as a result of this sin, they suffered within themselves the penalty they deserved. This part directly addresses lust and homosexuality. (""And the men, INSTEAD OF HAVING NORMAL SEXUAL RELATIONS WITH WOMEN, BURNED WITH LUST  for each other "") "	AGAINST
1989	gayRights	Yes. While don't agree morally or naturally with homosexuality, I don't see it as very American to restrict who someone can marry. Seems a bit petty.	FAVOR
1990	gayRights	they chose to be gay?	FAVOR
1991	gayRights	No, condoms aren't 100% effective, but they do drastically reduce the risk of many STDs, including HIV.	FAVOR
1992	gayRights	"So because of the actions of a few same sex couples, they should all be punished? Yeah, that's totally fair.""The Lambda reference to denominations willing to Ã’blessÃ“ same-sex unions changes the argument not a bit.   Said denominations may hold such ceremonies right now. The Ã’unionsÃ“ just wouldnÃ•t be recognized in most states. So the argument that imposing same-sex Ã’marriageÃ“ on Americans somehow expands religious freedom is not to be taken seriously.""Weather same sex marriage should be legal or not in those states is exactly what this debate is about. And religions that believe same sex marriage is ok are just as legitimate as ones that don't, such as Christianity. To suggest they aren't is discrimination."	FAVOR
1993	gayRights	Says who? Do you think making gay marriage illegal means there will be less homosexuals? Don't you think that an orphan would rather have homosexual parents rather then no parents at all? Have you even ever met a family with homosexual parents? Unlike you, I have. They were actually a lot better adjusted then most people I know who have straight parents. I'm not sure why your so homophobic Jake, but I think maybe you need to be a little more open minded.	FAVOR
1994	gayRights	Are you asserting that you are psychic? or at least that you know what is in their dreams? Or is this just rhetoric? 	AGAINST
1995	gayRights	you arent born with homosexuality. there is no gay gene. it is all from influences from your peers and society. that statement was unfounded.	AGAINST
1996	gayRights	I am a straight Christian and support gay marriage. Why? Simple. Separation of church and state. Gay marriage opposition states that they want to preserve the sanctity of marriage. Let's look at the definition of sanctity: the quality or state of being holy or sacred. That tells me: you cannot preserve the holiness of an act that is governed by the law. That is a violation of church and state. If someone, a Christian or other religious person, wants to get married under the eyes of God in their church, then fine. But it is not our place to impede upon the rights of others that want to be married under the eyes of the law. Or even God, for that matter. I know many gay Christians. It is not our place to judge others or take away from them. Prop 8 is threatening to take away the rights of 18,000 ALREADY MARRIED couples. And all because our religious views clash with their lifestyles. This is not our battle. I support gay marriage, and I support my gay married friends and will continue to fight with them for their equality.Gay marriage does not hurt anyone except those of whom we are stripping away rights. There is no way to prove that gay marriage would impose upon our children in our schools. And besides, kids are going to learn about it anyway, right? Look at MTV right now. You think these kids don't know what's going on?	FAVOR
1997	gayRights	"To merely say ""We do not know, therefore yes, people can be born gay"" is not an argument for this position.  As others have pointed out, it is more closely a refusal of the position than a support thereof.  I portend that the only conclusion that can come from this debate is both sides (and people in the middle) to just throw up their hands and say some form of ""So what?"".  Are people born gay? Yes, so what?Are people born gay? No, so what? I completely agree that human sexuality is not binary by any means; but this does not attempt to answer the question, ""Are people born gay?"""	AGAINST
1998	gayRights	"The question attempts to disguise in a kinder and gentler way a very ugly assertion - homosexual individuals are unfit to parent. That assertion has little or nothing to do with children and everything to do with unsubstantiated prejudice and brutal politics. Those who ask it believe homosexuals to be somehow sub-human or dysfunctional in their abilities and lesser in value to the heterosexual and then set out to find trivialities to support their prejudices. The problem with this thinking is its generalities which cannot fit every single specific case - homosexual OR heterosexual. It is an elementary thing to show that any single heterosexual can be every bit as dysfunctional in parenting as any single homosexual. I believe it also elementary to show that any single heterosexual couple or group to be every bit as dysfunctional in parenting as any single homosexual couple or group. Of course, the opposite of this is also likely true: there are very capable heterosexual  AND homosexual couples or groups when it comes to parenting.What matters most in a parent-child relationship isn't who the parent has sexual relations with but whether or not there is mutual love and support and healthy relations between parent and child. Is the parent an adequate guardian? Are the child's emotional needs fulfilled? If one's concern is with the child, then ask questions regarding the child's state of happiness, not whether or not the parent is sleeping with who you believe they ought to be sleeping with. One's true focus is revealed in the question itself.Those who attempt to make a very ugly value statement about homosexuals without, in their minds, being obvious about it wish there to be some truth to their generalities and ""on averages"". A human being is not a generality. A human being is an average. A human being is not a label, or class, or category. A human being is a specific with truths applicable to them and them alone. What is true of one is not necessarily true of another unless that truth has been substantiated in close examination. The mean-spirited will find something true of one or a few individuals and then wash thousands with that isolated truth to advance their agenda of meanness. Those genuinely interested in the truth will seek fact and apply whatever truth can be extracted from those facts to those examined and they alone. To apply those truths in general ways to those you perceive to be members of a class can only be a tentative exercise. Substantiation is required before one can justify acting on what one believes to be true.Why not ask such generalities as - are children with heterosexual parents at a disadvantage? The question as stated is unanswerable. Some children are and will be, some will not. It depends as much on the qualities of the child as it does on the qualities of the parent or parents. Are heterosexual parents at a disadvantage with same-sex children? Some believe they are, others do not. Again, it depends on the qualities of parent(s) and child. Are homosexual parents at a disadvantage with same-sex children? Same conclusion. Aggressive generalities will treat some individuals too kindly and some too savagely.Keep your prejudices all you like. Dressing your ugly prejudices to make them appear as unbiased scientific inquiry works with some, not with others. You believe homosexuals to be sub-human? I'm convinced you'll never prove it and will do yourself and others more harm than good in the process.Do you authentically want the truth or do you wish to comfort your own mean spirit?What one should ask is: Is this child happy and cared for adequately? The answers necessarily depend on specifics belonging to no one else but the child in question. As we all know, happiness is only an individual assessment. It cannot be made for you or by you for another."	FAVOR
1999	gayRights	Marriage, in and of itself, has nothing to do with children. Marriage is just the act of two consenting adults pledging to become their own family together. Whether or not they have children is strictly up to each individual marriage. Therefore, it can't be said that giving marriage rights to gay/lesbian couples deprives a child of the inherent right to a mother and father.There are things that do help in that arena though: egg donors, sperm banks, deadly accidents, divorce.	FAVOR
2000	gayRights	" Marriage should be defined around love and commitment, which can include homosexuals If you were to listen to wedding vows, the most fundamental principles expressed are those of the love and commitment shared between the partners. It is the most important foundation of any marriage. Because these principles can be shared between homosexuals, marriage should be allowed between them. "	FAVOR
2001	gayRights	"Okay, yes, I'd agree with you.  I have a problem with people who believe that if a gay gene were identified, it should be modified so that gays would cease to exist.  It's not that I necessarily want there to be a continual population of gay people.  I'm fairly neutral on that score because, in today's society, being gay is, while less difficult than it was 30 years ago when I came out, still very painful and difficult for most of us.  But I believe that being gay is morally neutral, and do not wish to see a slice of genetic diversity eliminated from the ""whole pie.""  If the presumptive sequence of ""gay genes"" does provide some other adaptive qualities to humanity, then eliminating them could have untold disastrous consequences.Consider ""stereotypically gay"" behaviors -- an interest in (and often, impressive talent for) the arts, painting, design, music, philosophy, literature.  If it is true that these genes are linked to those characteristics, as might seem plausible, how many great works of music would never be composed, great works of art never painted, great treatises never written if the genetic make-up which could play a part in enabling these abilities were destroyed in the name of ""curing gay""? Perhaps the creativity in each of us is linked to our personal complement of one or more of these theoretical ""gay genes.""  Maybe the combination of all of them produces a gay individual, but the individual expression of one or two simply produces a person with talent or creativity in some area.  Should we muck around and destroy it?  I don't think so."	FAVOR
2002	gayRights	"I second Ibauer42's request for scientific documentation of the claims you are making here, bagpiper2005.  The fact is that most molest victims do NOT become gay, nor do they have higher rates of homosexuality than those who were not molested.  Considering the statistics (last I heard, somwhere around 1 in 4 girls are molested (conservatively) prior to the age of 18 -- if someone has a more accurate estimate, please correct me), that would mean that young women would have astronomical rates of becoming lesbians.However, the fact is that only a small percentage of women identify as lesbian, and of those, many are neither victims of molestation, nor raised in ""lower class"" families.  Let alone circumcised. :rolleyes:Yeah, as a non-circumcised, non-molested lesbian raised in a typical middle-class family, I'd really like to see some SCIENTIFIC backup for your claims."	FAVOR
2003	gayRights	Adultery is sex outside of marriage and a homosexual relationship active in sex is outside of marriage and therefore adultery.The overriding intent of scripture regarding relationship structure is that marriage is between opposite genders.  Our manmade laws that define marriage otherwise cannot stack up to scripture . . . that is if we accept that scripture is God inspired.Sex between two people of the same gender is no worse in God's eyes than two people of opposite gender having sex outside the covenant relationship of holy matrimony.  That basically makes us all guilty of sinning.  I thank God for His grace and patient love for all those who seek it.	AGAINST
2004	gayRights	Sweetie, I wasn't opposing you...it was Bradf0rd.	FAVOR
2005	gayRights	"My friend. You will either suffer for sinning or for doing what's right.I'd rather suffer for choosing the right path. God desires to rescue us from suffering as sinners, but that means we'll need to suffer ridicule as His children. Humans are in a battle for their souls. You can either surrender to the enemy and sit in a cell as satan's prisoner or you can suffer with Jesus Christ as a soilder and take some hits.""Share in suffering as a good soldier of Christ Jesus."" 2 Tim. 2:3Secondly, you're making an assumption from a perspective of someone who's obviously never experienced a true encounter with the very real God who sets people free from lust and dysfunctions.God came in the form of man in the person of Jesus Christ and suffered with us against sin and won our freedom. He paid for our debt. That's worth suffering for if it means gaining life eternal.Hbr 2:10 ESV - For it was fitting that he (God), for whom and by whom all things exist, in bringing many sons to glory, should make the founder (Jesus) of their salvation perfect through suffering."	AGAINST
2006	gayRights	A boy, you are a boy, period. Not a thing, not an it, you want to do boy things etc and visa versa. If your a boy and you like   homosexuality   that means your mentally not right, period.Why do parents allow their tax monies to be given toward homosexual tolerance teaching and homosexual rights in school when they are using these funds to show   children     pornography  , how to fist someone, how to use a dildo, and on and on...when did this become about sex and not about rights?  www.massresistance.org   on fistgate videosHow many MORE sons in school will be raped by students using hockey sticks before someone realizes, oh yah, they teach that in   health   class under diversity in school?How many more children will suffer mental diorders including sexual identity crisis and abnormal behavior and psychology before a caring person sues the school for indoctrination?Just thoughts I have that need answers. Have a good day.	AGAINST
2007	gayRights	"It isn't popular to go against the so called ""politically correct"" agenda that seems to be sweeping the world, but a spade is still a spade.  God's very own book states clearly that   homosexuality   is an abomination.  You don't have to like it, you don't have to adhere to it, but don't pretend it isn't there.  It's a sin just as much as adultry,   murder  , stealing, bearing false witness, or any other of the countless disgusting things we do.  Before they start to   change   the Bible, they should realize there are some specific verses there that pertain to those who do just that.  "	AGAINST
2008	gayRights	"Also known as the Ã’love contractÃ“, the registration of the union of gay couples has been carried out successfully in countries such as Finland, Sweden, Denmark, Belgium and Spain. This would be an avenue for gay couples to declare their union to the world. The practice in countries which implement this system is to allow registered couples to be entitled to joint insurance coverage and to allow them to file for joint tax returns as well as inheritance and tenantsÃ• rights. On the other hand, such a proposal makes no incursions into the sanctity of the institution of marriage itself, thereby proving acceptable to the religious sections of society."	AGAINST
2009	gayRights	I've talked to many gays and lesbians, and call some of them my close friends. ALL have told me that they KNEW they were gay from an early age! I've been quite saddened when they've told me of their struggles, their self hatred and concomitant self-destructive behaviors. I've listened as they've told me of their families disowning them. I've been awestruck when I've heard their stories of redemption and self-acceptance. Many have told me that they wished God had not created them this way. That tells me that, indeed, GOD CREATED GAY PEOPLE! If God is perfect, then this wasn't a mistake! Maybe he created them so that prosthelytizers might learn a lesson about what Jesus would really do!Here, as always, the problem lies with those who don't practice what they preach. The real problem is those who would control another's actions in the name of religion, social conservatism, or saving the sanctity of marriage (and the children, of course)! The last time I checked, marriage wasn't in any danger! I, for one, will always like women, no matter who or what my neighbor likes. Many of the most ardent opponents of gay rights are repressed homosexuals!  Most gays, along with christians, atheists, and everyone else, just want to be left alone to live their lives in freedom and peace. I know I do!	FAVOR
2010	gayRights	"The United States takes pride in being considered the ""melting pot"" where all are accepted for who they are and what they believe in, yet there is such a heated debate over whether same sex couples should be allowed to get married.  What happened to the melting pot idea, the idea that we are all equal?  Can society really call itself tolerant if it can deny such a right to citizens whose sexual preference may be different from the majority?  It is a fallacy to assume that same sex marriage will somehow delude the general population into thinking that marriage is pointless and having children without getting married.  The fact is that nothing would change between a married man and woman were same sex couples allowed to marry.  Their bond would remain exactly the same.  It is sheerly biased to believe that one's own sexual preference is ""right"".  For society to progress, everyone regardless of skin color, religious views, or sexual preferences must be accepted.  Such things do not, in any way, change the essence of a person.   "	FAVOR
2011	gayRights	"Exactly. The title makes no sense and neither does what you're asking.Who said ANYTHING about socialism being a factor for allowing same sex marriage? Anywhere? It's a fucking screen name.  I happen to like a blend of socialism and capitalism as I think they complement one another's flaws.  I also happen to like the negative reaction people give the word ""Socialism"".  As if we don't already live in a semi-socialist country as it is.Anywho,  anymore off topic questions, please click on my icon and read that.  Okay thanks.  "	FAVOR
2012	gayRights	i agree, i belive in God, but the bible was made by people. And over time other people have used it to controll other people and do horible stuff.	FAVOR
2013	gayRights	"I don't know why I felt the need to upvote this. I just don't ever think I've heard the term ""Satan cock"" before...."	FAVOR
2014	gayRights	Being Raised by two lesbians was brilliant they are my momsI was bullied but i got over it like most   children  .But i would like to say that i believe that children from 'Normal' families are worse of.I am healthier mentaly than most of my friends who come from Mom/Dad households, i dont take   medication   at all.Funny that my Moms are still together after 20 Years while most of my friends parents have long since seperated	FAVOR
2015	gayRights	"    Yeah, no mammals ever display homosexual behavior naturally. You have to be kidding me. I mean, it's not like LeVay discovered casual relationship between brain structure and sexual identity. It's not like we have epigenetic studies on the x chromosome in the   mother   that shows significantly greater inactivation for those that have gay sons. It's not like the hypothalamus is larger in gay men then straight men. However, it is clear that those gay people chose to have a different neurological structure. Those gay people chose to have their mothers one x chromosome respond differently than those mothers who have straight   children  . Those gay people had neurosurgery to make their hypothalamus naturally bigger. They chose to respond to pheromone samples differently.We are no where near understanding all the various biological factors that determine sexual identity. No there isn't going to be a ""gay gene"", there is going to be a collection of factors - epigentic, genetic, neuronal, etc that determine are sexual orientation. What is clear is that there is overwhelming scientific evidence that biology places a large role. The question is just how large and how exactly. To say that there is no evidence and it is motivated by the ""politically correct"" is ignorant and laughable. "	FAVOR
2016	gayRights	sacrificing your life to a pagan false Gd...is that really truely what you intened to do with your life? I choose Gd and that means I reject the notion that   homosexuality   is normal and pleasing to Gd!	AGAINST
2017	gayRights	Explain to me who will suffer if same sex couples are allowed to marry?  Also, explain how someone will suffer?  I want concrete examples, not fear mongering.  Try to be clear with your comment.	FAVOR
2018	gayRights	yeah and the reagae.. it's in your blood meaning it's in the root social foundations of your upbringing. primarily in the realm of scoial brain patterns developed from your upbringing and no   science   has indicated otherwise. everyone one understand that my attraction to women in buisness skirts is primarily related to things i saw, felt, and became. The anti-  church   brigade can't seem to notice facts or deal with reality or truth. They have an agenda, based on hate and prejudice. They hate truth. It shows. It's not remarkable that these unscientific people are also experts on   theocratic   and ecllesiatic matters. There is no end to the   obscenity   of these people.  They only hate jesus. They can not condemn barnabus but wish jesus to die full of pain and humiliation. That's the nature of these people. Those who hate truth.	FAVOR
2019	gayRights	I appreciate your points, Aegiltheugly, and I could accept the union, civil union, or household designation -- except for one thing.  To yield the point would be to allow the religious right to claim a word out of the English language as belonging solely to them.  According the Websters Dictionary, 1996, marriage is defined as the taking of another person as husband or wife.  It says nothing about a husband taking a wife.  Two women can just as easily take each other as wife, or two men take each other as husband.  I feel it would be wrong to make that sort of concession to any group.  Witness the foolishness of Spike Jones suing Spike TV because they were encroaching on his trademark of his name. 	FAVOR
2020	gayRights	"Thank you for your note but the word ""Disadvantage"" is exactly what you were. Instead of having someone at home you had to go to alternatives. That is called ""being at a disadvantage.""Based on that same experience you had, the children that live with same sex parents will have to go o alternatives hence being disadvantaged.Please notice that disadvantage doesn't mean ""not as good,"" it simply means not having the same opportunities.Thank you"	AGAINST
2021	gayRights	KMKJFNJNJNM KFKEIHUUBNG N DJUHEJNBJ DF IKJIBDFNJSHDL,LKROE IHHJASFNJK	FAVOR
2022	gayRights	It's not really that gays should adopt, but it's just that I don't care.As long as the parents aren't messed up and the kid comes out of childhood OK, it's not my place to say whether they can or can't adopt.That's really the only thing that should matter to anyone.	FAVOR
2023	gayRights	"seeing as EVERY medical/psychiatric association has fully discredited Exodus International and its ""therapy"" as dangerous, one can hardly qualify them as experts.And, I'm aware of what the debate is, but the larger picture, and of timely relevance, of the debate is same-sex marriage.  If the religious extremists don't have the ""choice"" option on the table, the argument is moot.And if you think all of the civil rights battles of the '60s were 'civil' then you should read some history."	FAVOR
2024	gayRights	1. You shouldn't presume that what your family does it typical.2. And yet you still downvote me. Did you ever consider that it might be because you're wrong? It's a shocking thought, I know.3. W/e, I believe you.	FAVOR
2025	gayRights	that was really quite cute Banshee..........................................................................  :)	FAVOR
2026	gayRights	"Well if we were living in Israel under the Old Covenant I guess you might have a point. But since we aren't your point is mute. We are however living in America, at least I am, and it turns out our Founding Fathers grounded our from of government and it's laws on a Judeo-Christian ethic. Now you are correct that some have have fought very hard to ""overcome"" that by removing that foundation. Perhaps that's why our nation is on the verge of collapse. Because we have changed it's foundation to the shifting sands of the opinions of men and not on the immutable character of our creator.And yes, evil is a reality. It's something you seem to be very aware of and something the Bible never fears exposing, even in it's greatest heroes, like Moses and King David just to name a few. You also seem to be very concerned about evil's presence in the world. But what I want to know is what are you doing about the evil in your own heart? have you made peace with it or war? And finally, what hope do you offer that evil someday will be eradicated from our world? I'd love to hear what hope you offer."	AGAINST
2027	gayRights	It is my honor and delight to officiate for same sex marriages in Connecticut I even advised all my 100 or so civil union couples that I would upgrade them to marriage for NO charge (if they came to Norwalk or Darien). CT is proud to lead the way to provide this basic right to ALL couples. CT is the ONLY state where a same sex couple can get married in one day- no residency requirement, no blood test, no witnesses. Just the $30 license fee and $10 for a certified copy plus the fee for the officiant (which varies by officiant and by location).  I take care of everything for as little as $200.I have couples who have flown in from CA, FL, TX, IN, OH, IL, Mexico and who have driven in or taken the train from NYC, NJ, PA, RI, VA Most couples have been together for YEARS...including one couple from Florida who have been together for 45 years! Let people love each other and take care of each other. Isn't that what marriage is about? Mary Pugh, CT Justice of the Peace, Norwalk, CT  www.ct-jp.com  	FAVOR
2028	gayRights	"Thanks E223, I'm getting so bored of replying to these. Tallblondguy - whether people ""turn gay"" or are born gay, is not a matter of opinion. 1+1=2 is not a matter of opinion. It's a fact. People are born gay, straight, or bi. Any change is due to chemical composition of the brain. People take forever coming out of the closet (often) because gays are discriminated against. The next paragraph where you say my response is an example of how society tells people to be gay... I think you miss read. It was an ironic diatribe of Jake's senseless response to gay marriage. You see, ironic because he though not intentional, was giving a bigoted response, so I pointed out how his response made it appear he was one of the people himself that he was being a bigot against... I know confusing. What's even more confusing is that infact the response would not have even worked had it been, as you said, me encouraging him to be gay... I don't, from your arguements, expect you to understand that.Okay, your entire right to vote arguement boggles the mind. According to your own arguement, (this is called a parody, it helps people like you who can't understand stuff, understand stuff. I'm waiting though for your literal response, since I'm sure you won't get the nuance) if 51% of Americans say we should reinstate slavery, then we didn't, then that means some great travesty had taken place, enough said.Uh... okay, now to where you twisted around my arguement to mean something completely and obviously different than what I said. you said that gay people were not discriminated against. I gave an example of how they were. Then you went all ""black people this"" and ""fear"" that, and went on a rant about losing your job.You seem to think I live in some state of fear? You're aware that I'm not gay right? If not, now you are, not that it matters in the least in any of my arguements. So I'm not sure why you think I may be afraid of something, but from my profile you can actually follow a link to my site, which has my name, David Heintzelman, it even has a map of exactly where I live for shits and giggles. Again, where you got the idea I was afraid is beyond me. You though... first you accuse me of being afraid, then you say how you post anonymously because... you're scared. It seems a bit schitzo.As for Mormons and Catholics not giving money to the cause of denying a group of people their rights... Last paragraph; you make the point earlier in your arguement (albeit the point was completely out of context of the arguement you were then debating) that just because ""African American people have killed white people before. Does that make all black people murderers?"" And so I would say the same of any of the vandalism you're implying is the work of the gay hordes - of which I have heard of none, a link wouldn't hurt your arguement there.And there's a whole debate already devoted to whether religions should pay taxes, where I posted I think a couple times at least. But for the record, they should. Any group that tries to influence policies of a nation, should than have to participate as a member of that society, hence pay taxes. If religious groups want to maintain their tax exempt status, they should excuse themselves from influencing policy. You can't have your cake and eat it to."	FAVOR
2029	gayRights	You are free to choose what you want.  God gave you free choice and He knew some would not believe in Him.	AGAINST
2030	gayRights	Let's just say that 5 years ago when I married my husband, homosexual marriage was legal... this would have had absolutely no effect on my choice to get married to him! Why do you say that there would be less families? How do you define a family? People who care for each other? There are thousands of kids in orphanages all over the world who would be a billion times better off being raised by 2 homosexuals than left in the orphanage! I agree with you that we all need a male and female role model to look up to, but this does not have to be a biological parent!	FAVOR
2031	gayRights	I have to say- that picture is adorable but the kitty does not look happy about it LOL :)	FAVOR
2032	gayRights	"This argument seems to rest on the fact that gay marriage would require different labels for the partners. While I agree that ""Party A"" and ""Party B"" are unromantic and absurdly bureaucratic designations, this seems more like a matter of taste than of fundamental values. ""Cold, contractual"" language? Well, yes. To the extent that marriage is a legal issue, it is in fact a contract - it involves two people making a commitment, in exchange for which they will receive certain rights and benefits. In New York it is possible for a gay couple to enter into such a contract, only they have to call it a domestic partnership rather than a marriage. In theory, this protects their rights, giving them access to the same benefits associated with heterosexual marriage.My question is this: why do we need a legal distinction between marriage and domestic partnership? If domestic partnership truly protects gay rights, the contract should be equivalent to a marriage contract. If this is the case, what is the significance of the label ""marriage?"" If it is a matter of tradition, or taste, or religious preference, it has no place in the law."	FAVOR
2033	gayRights	"A lot of little boys don't grow up without father figures. Should we take every kid away from single mothers?The thing is, Jake, that your morals are not exactly... moral.The judging of a couple's ability to raise a child is not up to you. Gay people have fine morals! They have jobs, they pay taxes, they participate in committed loving relationships, they love and respect their parents. In fact, aside from who they love, there is nothing more ""immoral"" about homosexuals than straight people at all.Other than what your faith teaches you, what don't you like about homosexuality?"	FAVOR
2034	gayRights	"I feel a lot of sarcasm coming on but I'll hold it in check... Look up those three types of people on the Internet (i.e. Serial Killers, Pedophiles and Rapists). You'll see that there are claims of DNA, Psychological Studies, Historical Evidence, etc. for all of them. So if the argument is ""I was born that way"" works for the Gay Community then it works for Serial Killers, Pedophiles and Rapists.Just as I believe Serial Killers, Pedophiles and Rapists are not born that way, I also believe people are not born Gay. The two driving factors are   environment   and choice."	AGAINST
2035	gayRights	What do you mean, take that, heathen!? You used that in completely incorrect context. This irks me greatly.	FAVOR
2036	gayRights	As for did I ever CHOOSE to go the heterosexual path , the answer is YES I DID.As for what are the perks. Many gay people would claim that their coming out has brought them great relief and as much, if not more, possitive attention than when they were choosing to portray themselves as heterosexual. Also many gays who choose a partner of their own sex claim that there are alot of advantages, such as the feelings of love are deeper and feel more real, their desire for sex with that person rather than with someone of the opposite sex is stronger and the sex more satisfying, and I could keep going on and on. Also in certain fields of work, such as fashion design or interior design, the gay guy is usually assumed as going to be good before even showing any other credentials. And how can someone really say they are BORN gay, when boys and girls don't really even know the difference between the sexes until they are at least 2-3.	AGAINST
2037	gayRights	"Before I begin, the following reminder is in order :In biology, evolution is change in the inherited traits of a population of organisms from one generation to the next. These changes are caused by a combination of three main processes: variation, reproduction, and natural selection.  suppose your reply is an attempt to rebut my assertions: ""Bare in mind that homosexuals that adhere to the theory of evolution must also necessarily adhere to the principle of the theory which posits the propagation of the fittest sexually reproductive species; and consequently has damned the homosexual, for the homosexual doesn't propagate its species.""; And that your reply is in favor of: ""Homosexuals do not pass on their genes directly, however many studies have shown that they may make reproduction more likely for their siblings. In fact, the prevalence of homosexuality in other species makes it fairly obvious that homosexuality among a portion of the population, must be beneficial to the survival of a species as a whole. In addition, studies with humans have shown that those people with more older brothers are more likely to be homosexual.The problem with your argument is that you look at evolution from simplistic perspective. Evolution works on helping the individual survive, however in those organisms that reproduce sexually, species evolve in groups. Therefore any characteristic that allows the group to survive will be passed on. There is no definitive proof that homosexuality is one of these characteristics, but the possibility is a strong one.My response:Consider the consequences of supporting the oppositionÃ•s argument.If homosexuality is a consequence of evolution and such a consequence is for the purpose of the survival of a species; how does homosexuality benefit the survival of a group of its species? We can immediately infer that evolution has removed the homosexual from genetically contributing to its own species. And thus, the genetics of the homosexual are not conducive to the survival of the species, but are destructive of the survival of the species. Therefore, the answer to the question is: Evolution excludes certain individuals from genetic contribution to its species through homosexuality for the survival of the group for the survival of the species. Furthermore, evolution has eliminated certain genetic consequences from genetically multiplying with members of its own species.We can also infer that all groups of species are beneficiaries of the homosexuality of the individuals of their group. Is the author implying that in order for sexual reproduction to propagate the species more effectively, certain individuals must be homosexual so that others will not be homosexual? The author invalidly reasons: Ã’In fact, the prevalence of homosexuality in other species makes it fairly obvious that homosexuality among a portion of the (human) population, must be beneficial to the survival of a species as a whole.Either the author is attempting to insult the intelligence of the audience of this debate or is guilty of granting that which is unreasonable. (I donÃ•t think the author intentionally does either one, but unintentionally accomplishes both.) If we were to reason according to the example by the author we can arrive at some very interesting conclusions. For example:The prevalence of inbreeding in other species makes it fairly obvious that inbreeding among a portion of the (human) population must be beneficial to the survival of a species as a whole.The prevalence of cannibalism in other species makes it fairly obvious that cannibalism among a portion of the (human) population must be beneficial to the survival of a species as a whole.The prevalence of random breeding in other species makes it fairly obvious that random breeding among a portion of the (human) population must be beneficial to the survival of a species as a whole.The prevalence of vomit consumption in other species makes it fairly obvious that the consumption of vomit among a portion of the (human) population must be beneficial to the survival of a species as a whole.The prevalence of butt-licking in other species makes it fairly obvious that butt-licking among a portion of the (human) population must be beneficial to the survival of a species as a whole. Just because certain things are true of many other species doesnÃ•t allow any man or woman to validly infer the same is true of another species. This is called in layman terms: jumping to conclusions.  If you were to reread and carefully consider the assertions of my original argument as re-posted above, you will see that the assertions are subjective on the behalf of the proponents of evolution. The propositions only indicate the inescapable conclusions that the theory supports. I did not assert that the theory of evolution accounts for all that is known of the processes of lifeÃ•s continuity. Nor did I suggest one should embrace the theory.  I have simplistically explained some of the consequences of some of the supposed complexity of the theory of evolution. And by doing such, I have demonstrated that wherein I reference evolution, I can reduce the supposed complexity of that subject of the theory of evolution to its simple illogical conclusions. And for this reason I am not troubled by an accusation that I view evolution simplistically. (Albeit, my argument is particular, yet I was accused of an universal argument.) Another issue that I must address, before I am accused of neglecting it, is the matter of social contributions made by homosexuals, both tangible and intellectual. Whether a homosexual or any other person has made any tangible or intellectual contribution that enabled/s the survival of a species is purely fallacious. Speculations of what one person has or has not done that conclusively contributed to the survival or destruction of a species are of the fallacy, argumentum ad speculum. We can indefinitely speculate by hypothetical reasoning that which may have been or should have been. Yet, until there is conclusive evidence that would lend itself to the scrutiny of sound reasoning that concludes that any member, or group of any species is a necessary cause or consequence of/for the survival or death of a species, we should not speculate that it is obvious. Can we speculate that we would be ignorant of the law of gravity if Kepler and Newton were never born? Can we speculate that we are alive today because of that knowledge? Yes, we can speculate about anything, but we cannot rationally speculate unto a definitive conclusion that is reasonably useful.One last thing before I end this rebuttal; my rebuttals explain the wherefore of my propositions. Your rebuttals on the other hand evidence nothing that supports your argument. Your arguments seem to always come in the form of either a straw-man, ad hominem, or red-herring fallacy. In fact, there is no argument in your rebuttals. You simply assert whatever you think is ad populum. A little advice: if you are unwillingly to take the time to support your case, I suggest that you forego rebutting the arguments of someone who will take the time. However, I welcome your legitimate attempts to support your views that are contrary or contradictory to my arguments."	AGAINST
2038	gayRights	"As a matter of legality, they should be allowed the same rights and priveliges that married couples are allowed.However, if a church refuses to marry two people of the same gender, that is their own decision. The right to be married applies only to the legal recognition of the couple having the same legal status as a ""Married"" couple.Telling the church they can't reject homosexuality is oppressive. I'm all for gay marriage, but I'm even more against making people do what they don't want to do."	FAVOR
2039	gayRights	What is the difference between a gay married couple and a family where one parent got hit by a bus?The nuclear family is a myth these days. A mom, father and 1-3 kids just does not happen anymore. As the saying goes it takes a village to raise a child and even if the child has 2 mommies or two daddies it should not matter because they will still have their opposing gender's roles displayed to them by teachers, other relatives, and even friends parents.The thing is same-sex couples want LEGAL marriage and the rights, protections and obligations associated with it such as immigration rights which married couples have but the current established 'civil unions' for homosexuals do not. Is there something magical about having pieces that dont fit together that should deny them the same rights that heterosexual couples enjoy?I'll take this time to quote the 1st Amendment.Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.CONGRESS shall make no LAW respecting the ESTABLISHMENT of RELIGION. If you want to pawn Marriage off as a religious thing then you had best be prepared to deal with alternative religions that permit same sex couples. If it is not then it becomes a civil rights issue as congress has made laws (tax laws) that respect the establishment of religion (Judeo-Christian ideal of marriage). In either case the result would be the same if one followed the logic of arguing from the Original Position (look it up on Wikipedia)	FAVOR
2040	gayRights	"I'm sorry that Rick Brentlinger has chosen to reject an important aspect of his own humanity (his sexual orientation) because of what it says in a dusty old book.  There is no way to argue this point rationally, because ""sin"" is a completely non-objective term based on no evidence whatsoever except what it says in the bible.  If you believe that the bible is god's literal word (also in the absence of objective evidence, and in contradiction to much objective evidence) then nothing anyone says will convince you otherwise.  That's the nature of faith; that's its immune from reason, exists in its own isolated world, and cannot be touched by rational debate or discussion.  But if the bible is the literal work of god, I wonder what believers think about the two examples below. There are many others. Should we take them literally?  Leviticus 20:10""If a man commits adultery with another man's wifeÃ‘with the wife of his neighborÃ‘both the adulterer and the adulteress must be put to death.""Exodus 22:3""A thief must certainly make restitution, but if he has nothing, he must be sold to pay for his theft."	FAVOR
2041	gayRights	I don't disagree with your argument that All things being equal the children are better off with a loving mom and dad.  But all things are never equal.  Many children do not grow up with a LOVING mom and dad, even when the family starts with a mom and dad.  Often children are born out of wed-lock and only have a mom, or the dad leaves, dies, is jailed, etc., etc.  What about these situations?So if two people of the same sex are in love and want to start a family who are you to say that they will not make good, loving parents?  Would the child have been better off with both a mom and dad.  Maybe?  Does it matter?  No.	FAVOR
2042	gayRights	"I like how you attack my unfounded statement by making an unfounded statement of your own.Anyway, I looked it up and it seems nature and nuture both play a role:""There is no consensus among scientists about the exact reasons that an individual develops a heterosexual, bisexual, gay, or lesbian orientation. Although much research has examined the possible genetic, hormonal, developmental, social, and cultural influences on sexual orientation, no findings have emerged that permit scientists to conclude that sexual orientation is determined by any particular factor or factors. Many think that nature and nurture both play complex roles; most people experience little or no sense of choice about their sexual orientation."""	FAVOR
2043	gayRights	"""Furthermore, all research shows that sexuality is fairly well solidified by the time a child is born"". That's a pretty strong and absolute statement about something that is impossible to determine. Sorry but saying that has no credibility at all and will reduce the credibility of anything else you say (even if I agree with it). The fact is it seems that being Gay is determined before puberty but when and how has never been established."	FAVOR
2044	gayRights	Oh, it doesn't hurt me, don't you worry. It only hurts them because it lessens their chances of getting into heaven by, lets say, allot! And that is an actual hurt, maybe not right now but eventually the consequences will come. Yeah immorality can hurt you very, very badly. Allot of people are in denial about this. (;	AGAINST
2045	gayRights	As this article points out, one cannot reduce the intricacy of our physiological makeup such that we assume social constructs are defined so completely by our genes. Despite various research studies, with findings such as heightened serotonin metabolism in exclusively homosexual males, sexuality is at best a social construct haphazardly linked to one's sense of self and concept of body.Throughout human history, society has undergone such perversions from the natural that the act of copulation has been pathologised to such an extent that most people consider the resulting neuroses a physical drive. If we take a psychoanalytic view of socialisation, we will see that 'sexuality' is constructed and not inherited. From birth, it is drilled into us that the erogenous zones are to be repressed and hidden, this causes an unnatural psychological reaction, resulting in a neurotic fixation with copulation, and genital organs. The repression that occurs is so great, that the manifestation is what we refer to as sexuality. The magnitide of the repression is directly proportional to the societal weight of this 'topic', as is obvious from media content. In nature, such a distortion of copulation does not exist.In conclusion, it is not a case of 'are people born gay?'. For homosexuality is simply a variation on the theme. It should not be pathologised to any greater extent than heterosexuality. 	AGAINST
2046	gayRights	I'm pretty sure you didn't understand my point, so allow me to explain myself. Homosexuality is found throughout nature, in numerous species. Therefore, calling homosexuality unnatural would be misleading (at the very least).You are correct that we do not have the same genes as fish. But as I said earlier, homosexuality is prevalent in nature, and therefore must be genetic in all of the species I named (including many mammals, and some primates). Therefore if humans were not born homosexual, then this would make our species an exception.None of this matters however, because we have studied humans, and homosexuality is not a choice. It has to do with a combination of genetics, and hormone levels in the womb.	FAVOR
2047	gayRights	 If you were born homosexual and   science   and   medicine   could prove it, they cant so we will take there word for it, then psycologists and socialogist would be screaming to put homosexual   children   into homosexual homes and visa versa and they are not because they know as well as the rest of us that your sexual preference is C-H-O-I-C-E. Good articles at narth.com and at exodus international web site. This one is another reason I say let adult homosexuals live how they want to but children do not need to be put in these environments through   adoption  .    Titled appropriatelyLove IsnÃ•t Enough: 5 Reasons Why Same-Sex Marriage Will Harm ChildrenBy Trayce Hansen, Ph.D.	AGAINST
2048	gayRights	"Personally, I do not believe a person is ""born gay"".  I do think early childhood experiences and   environment   influence sexual orientation.  I could be completely wrong and a person may be born as homosexual as Liberace.  I think the real question should be Ã’Is   homosexuality   morally wrong?Ã“    I, as a Christian, believe that it is a sin because the Bible says so.  However, nobody is guilt free as far as sin goes (with the exception of Jesus), we all have our faults.  Regardless if you are born homosexual or itÃ•s a learned trait, I think you should try to overcome it, just as someone with overactive hormones should still be faithful to their spouse.  With that said, I donÃ•t think any of us are any less guilty than the other in GodÃ•s eyes, as we all depend on the sacrifice of Jesus to make us clean.  God loves us all, and we should do our best to live by his laws, as this life is short and we all have our trials to overcome."	AGAINST
2049	gayRights	"Gay Marriage takes away from the sanctity of marriage, and who knows what kind of impact this would have on all other principles of marriage. "	AGAINST
2050	gayRights	"please define ""the gay lifestyle.""Frankly, you're showing your naivite by suggesting there is such a thing.  Tell me one common trait all gay people share, other than the obvious."	FAVOR
2051	gayRights	"""As I stated in my previous argument the practice of legal recognition of aspects of homosexual unions is new and unprecedented.""First result on google: ""The first country to allow same-sex couples to enter into legally recognized marriage was the Netherlands, effective in 2001. Since then, six other countries and seven U.S. states have followed suit, though voters in California revoked it through passage of Proposition 8."" I wouldn't call that unprecedented. If you are going to make a strong claim such as something has never been practiced, you should be sure you actually know what you are talking about. Therefore as I said using traditional marriage as an argument against same-sex marriage is just like using traditional marriage as an argument against interracial marriage.And your argument about language was really just wordy, vacuous, pseudo-intellectual babble. Words and language change over time. This is a natural phenomenon. Cultures are not stagnant. Marriage used to be between a man and the women he bought essentially. Society changes. This does not equate to a destruction of language.""What proponents of the phrase ""gay marriage"" demand is that the rest of society be forced to accept their own standard of the meaning of those words. And they seek to force this by attempting to enshrine their own particular minority definition upon the majority.""You mean, just like interracial marriage? If you can't see the comparison, I'm really sorry.""Even at their peak, the Nazis never had a majority of political affiliation, they took power as a political minority, but look what havok they wreaked upon their own citizenry and the values which they imposed by force upon the majority!""Yes because the LGBT movement trying to gain civil rights is exactly like the Nazi regime.I don't think you read 1984 very carefully if you think anything in it can be applied to being against same-sex marriage.And I find no logical pathway for how same-sex marriage could lead to ""a state of total decay and ruin."" That's some class A fear mongering right there. Do you work for NOM?"	FAVOR
2052	gayRights	"Wow, you are a chore.I am calling you closed minded. You have to be willing to attempt to see the issue from the other person's point of view. I have tried to see this issue from your point of view, that of someone who believes that homosexuality is wrong because the bible says it to be so. But even if I accepted that, I would still have to forfeit that I can't find anything else wrong with it. So that one little fact, that the bible says it's wrong, isn't enough for me. But at least I have opened my mind and tried to understand it.My mind is always open, at least when I'm talking to logical people (ie. not belligerent or insane).I'm bisexual, remember? I was attracted to girls before I had even seen a television. So no, I'm not brainwashed. I'm fighting for what I know, and understand. I know I'm not an immoral person. I don't ""sin."" I'm a really good person, in fact. So to me, it feels like people want LGBT people to be all sinning and rebels and haters. No. We're just fun, sweet, people who are constantly attacked by a single idea that's seeded it's silly little butt into a whole mess of people's heads. The sinners are those hot Catholic school girls who take their shirts off for girls gone wild the second they get out of the house. In fact, that is what's wrong with the white picket fence scenario. It's too straight edge. The people who grow up in those houses don't, in my experience, even know what the real world is.By opening your mind, I want you to try and think of homosexuality as ""not a sin"" for maybe just a minute. And I know your faith tells you not to do that, but that is a method of self preservation of the Church. You don't have to change you entire ideals forever. I just want you to imagine, and think. Then once you're done, you can go back and apply those thoughts. It's not a bad thing to do. It's like looking in a mirror... just get a little outside prospective.You can vote however you like. It's your right. But, what I can do about it is try and help you understand that you are blindly hurting people and families by voting this way. You hurt people who just want to love and raise a family. And you are hurting families who are already established by invalidating their love for each other, and telling them it's blasphemy. If someone said that about your family or a member of your family, wouldn't it hurt you?I forgot you're a Mormon, and not just a Christian. A family, to me, is a unit of people who love each other. With or without children, with or without a traditional marriage, with or without money, a house or even a marriage license. A family is who you can always count on.That being said, I have a father and a mother. I also have a step mother, a step father, I have a sister, I have a brother, I have my niece, I have my niece's father, my nieces father's family, my cousins in Japan, my cousins in Poland, my cousins in Colorado, my aunts and uncles, and my grandma. All family.But do you know who my family is? My mother. That's it. My father is an abuser and a recovering alcoholic, my brother and sister are both schizophrenic and gone. So why is my mother my family? Because she taught me right from wrong, she never turned her back on me, and she will always love me. And yes, I'm young. But I've been through a lot of shit, and had a lot of life experience. And at the end of the day all I need is that love from my mother. If she were gay I wouldn't care, if she were autistic I wouldn't care, if she weren't even my real mother I wouldn't give a damn. because she loves me. So I know, that all it takes to raise a good kid is love and dedication. Screw the Church, screw the State."	FAVOR
2053	gayRights	A website is not a church - like I said - church that gets deduced taxes and is christian..........................................................................................................	AGAINST
2054	gayRights	I say:1. all religions should lose their tax exempt status.2. only civil unions for all.3. churches decide to marry gays or not.	FAVOR
2055	gayRights	No. Facts produce statistics.A statistic of approximately 45% of all married couples divorcing someday, would be based on already existing facts about divorce rates, not speculation. Stereotypes are based on opinions, random observations, and speculation.With statistics, there is control and reason, as well as numerical data.Stereotypes are just words.	FAVOR
2056	gayRights	I couldn't keep a straight face reading this. It would also have helped you realize your last sentence isn't even a sentence.To put more care into rebutting your argument than was put into framing it:A parent can't marry their child because it would be psychologically abusive; the parent is in a position of authority over their child. This is not comparable to relationships between consenting adults.Two- to three-partner marriages have died out not because of wisdom, but because of social equality between the sexes and the rise of industrialization, which means money is no longer represented in land, families are more mobile socially and geographically, and marriages have lost diplomatic value. It means that a rich man no longer needs to collect wives as representatives of the land he's acquired and tokens gathered to assure good relations with his neighbors. Polygamy and polyandry are also usually inequal-power relationships. None of this has anything to do with two unrelated adults who are in love, want to marry, and cannot based purely on the laws of the society they live in. 	FAVOR
2057	gayRights	I don't have the stats on that but logically I should think it would lean toward the adoption...although in my own case I've heard the horror stories of my daughter growing up as an adoptee...it wasn't pretty.	FAVOR
2058	gayRights	" Most health care organizations support gay parenting as equally capable as heterosexual parenting These organizations are the most capable of determining the capabilities of homosexuals to perform dutifully as parents. "	FAVOR
2059	gayRights	Certainly, all that you like and dislike is the result of genetic predisposition, however, it is not a result of genetics alone. There is no true question of whether a behavior is genetic or environmentally induced - all human behavior is necessarily a product of both. Genetics establishes which choices are open to you given the context you find yourself in. Naturally, if you have a predisposition to sex with those of your same gender but there are only choices among those of the OPPOSITE gender, if you wish to have sex, you MUST choose among those available to you OR choose not to have sex at all. The same is true of heterosexuals. That you prefer sex with the opposite gender in no way implies you MUST engage in only that type or cannot choose otherwise given different circumstances.That I am genetically predisposed for talent in drawing, painting, or carpentry doesn't imply I MUST engage those talents. So too, that I am genetically handicapped in my ability to understand and perform in mathematics or music or languages in no way implies I CAN'T at least try and enjoy those experiences. One has no choice in one's genetics, however, one always has choice in the expression of those predispositions.That one is born with the sexual organs of a female in no way implies one must have sex with a male and vice versa. It also does not imply one cannot alter one's anatomy to live the life of a different gender or no specific gender at all. Indeed, there are persons who are conceived and born with precisely that non-polar form. My hair is predisposed to grow until the day I die, however, I choose to cut it from time to time. Genetics gave me brown hair, however, I can choose to die it red. Genetics gave me two legs of a specific length, however, I can choose to medically lengthen or shorten them or choose not to use them at all. Genetics establishes the parameters for choice but it does not make the choices themselves.	FAVOR
2060	gayRights	Whats rude? Oh well, based on the innocent until proven guilty theory. My religion never spread any lies. Thanks for playing.	AGAINST
2061	gayRights	I've been in these discussion before, and a common refrain from the anti-same sex parents contingent is to say tha children with same-sex parents are subject to teasing and discrimination that leaves them emotionally damaged. If this is true, and it seems reasonable, the solution is not to condemn same-sex households, but to stop discriminating. If same-sex parents were given equal societal and legal status as heterosexual parents, many of the challeneges children of same-sex parents face would disappear. 	FAVOR
2062	gayRights	Yea, you just called me arrogant also without an argument as to why.Yep, pretty fickle alright. (;That said, Falsely accusing the country for its wrong doings(just to prove appoint) is the most ungrateful and unpatriotic thing you can do. That like everything els I said is pretty obvious and I don't plan on adding a reason because it's so obvious.	AGAINST
2063	gayRights	"Does anybody actually read philosophy? Does anyone study ANYTHING anymore? First of all, ""sin"" is far too subjective a word to be used in this case. It is easily confused with notions such as right and wrong, good and evil. Sin implies an act prohibited by a particular religion. There are lots of religions. What is considered a sin in one is not in another. What was considered a sin in antiquity is now considered acceptable. If you want to pick and choose your sins, which many people do, fine. Just know that you have done so and be capable of understanding that as well as applying as much meaning as is reasonable to any act. Or, to be clearer, call homosexuality a sin all you want, but remember that wearing clothes of two different kinds of fiber, interacting with women who are menstruating, eating shellfish, doing work on Saturday, and working for a credit card company are also pretty sinful. If you're going to disregard your own sins and focus on the ones you like, fine, just be aware of your choice to do so.As for right and wrong, the major moral systems, like deontology, founded by Immanual Kant, a staunch Christian, really forms no valid argument against homosexuality other than, ""I don't really like it, it's gross."" Well, you know what, I think eating beef is gross, but I'd hardly call it a sin. Let alone Jeremy Bentham and John Stuart Mill, founders of Utilitarianism, who have nothing much at all to say about homosexuality.So, is homosexuality a sin? It depends strongly on who you ask and their biases, which they aren't likely trying to control. Is homosexuality wrong? Well, try taking ethics 101."	FAVOR
2064	gayRights	"Spencer-I should have been more precise in my language. By intimate human partnership, I meant committed, faithful, non-cultic same sex marriages.Dr. Gagnon, the leading anti-gay crusader, summarizes the Complementarian position in his 520 page, anti-gay book, The Bible And Homosexual Practice. He says that the creation story in Genesis authorizes only heterosexual union, but never homosexual union.Gagnon asserts that the Genesis account of creation leaves no room for legitimizing same-sex unions. That is the classic statement of the odd hermeneutic Complementarians use to buttress their position.Gagnon even insists that homosexual unions can never be legitimately described as loving. His remarks can be found on pages 194, 291, 297, 327, 339 of his book, The Bible and Homosexual Practice.         I don't see any real difference between your position and Dr. Gagnon's position and the position of Joe Dallas and Exodus. All are anti-gay. Here are your words.""although intimate partnerships and/or relationships happen between people they are not open to sexual union because that specific gift to humanity is reserved for the covenent and relationship of marriage.""        "	FAVOR
2065	gayRights	While I am glad you do not support restricting rights based upon your own perception of morality, I encourage you to do research on the nature of homosexuality. The American Psychiatric Association defines homosexuality as a normal variant of sexuality. It wouldn't really described as an anomaly. Approximately 10% of the human population is homosexual, and homosexuality has been linked to genetic factors. It is a natural thing that has been observed in approximately 1500 other species.	FAVOR
2066	gayRights	I not only wonder what kind of Buddhism YOU practice after giving a very poor and disgusting diatribe on Christianity...I wonder most of all where you're getting all your Reward POINTS and UP VOTES from for only being here for 13 days and gone the last four? Can it be that Buddhists have multiple personalities which create multiple accounts? I have NEVER seen such utter hatred and blather so richly and constantly REWARDED on this site!	FAVOR
2067	gayRights	"Saletan. ""Adopting Premises. The sneaky debate over legalizing adoptions by gay couples."" Slate.com. Feb. 7, 2002"	FAVOR
2068	gayRights	Yeah, so prop8 and slavery are pretty much the same thing huh? no, they are not!, why do people keep comparing this to slavery!?	AGAINST
2069	gayRights	I'm an atheist, should I allowed to be married under your religious interpretation of marriage?	FAVOR
2070	gayRights	"I just have to respond to one of your last statements:""Until you can show me what human right is being denied, I don't know where else to go with this""The right to life, LIBERTY, and the PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS. It's in the Declaration of Independence. The denial of gay marriage is violating two basic human rights."	FAVOR
2071	gayRights	"I'm sorry civil union or marriage, homosexual marriage is not the same as heterosexual marriage. They will have an uphill battle because over half of the US states and many foreign countries have already voted to preserve that marriage ""is a man and woman."" You go California with your liberal ideologies. I am a bigot because:...1. Throughout history, marriage has only been between a man and woman...2. The natural law of humanity only allows an egg and sperm to procreate...3. Civil Liberties is not civil rights..4. Civil rights is not conduct...5.  We are being indoctrinated by society to accept conduct when it goes against personal ethics..6. Businesses, churches, government and families should have freedom of speech by the foundation that this land was based on and not be tried for discrimination...."	AGAINST
2072	gayRights	Who's likely to be a better parent, statistically? Those who HAVE to adopt? Or those who can become pregnant by accident, and be forced to marry and raise a child they resent with a person they barely know?	FAVOR
2073	gayRights	There have actually already been studies that prove the latter is true that children raised by same sex parents turned out just fine. But I still cannot get over the idea in my head that they would not come out right. Just like everyone understood that the world was round but they just couldn't get it through their head that it wasn't flat =]	FAVOR
2074	gayRights	"Advocate - Gay News Magazine"	FAVOR
2075	gayRights	"""A large and growing body of scientific evidence indicates that the intact, married family is best for children."" Thats part of an article from the family research council for you to read its really good here the URL...Enjoy.    "	AGAINST
2076	gayRights	"In #2 you are confusing monogamy with polygamy (you call it ""bi-marriage"")"	FAVOR
2077	gayRights	When does Religious Marriage truly exist beyond the ritual associated with it? You need   legal   documentation to be married according to a number of institutions. Civil Marriage is paperwork. Religious Marriage is ceremonial and is mostly a superstitious event. Does Religious Marriage hold up in court just as well as paperwork that's been documented? I don't understand the difference between the two.All I know about   marriage   is that it's something that cultures did to consolidate two families' resources through arranged marriages and it's also been used as a form of social engineering. Many people have seen it ingrained into their   religion  , which is the origin of Religious Marriage I suppose. The true origin of marriage is pretty arguable and its merits are mostly social and somewhat questionable outside of things like tax codes and religious belief.Two people, no matter what their   race   or gender, may consent to whatever they want with one another? Who cares? If you're gay or straight, it's your business. Not mine. Do whatever you want! And as for hate, if it isn't because of your sexual preference you'd be hated for being fat.	FAVOR
2078	gayRights	If proposition 8 passes, it will be challenged at the earliest possible convenience, and it will end up in the same supreme court that allowed gay marriage in the first place.Can't we just let this go? Can't we just allow people to live their own lives the way they want to? They don't hurt anybody.  Do you think that they don't get married in their own Churches?  What makes your beliefs better than theirs?  They use the same Bible.Let me tell you what.  I want ALL  people to have equal rights.  If they have to borrow a word to gain those rights from straight America to achieve them, I'm all for it.Michelle	FAVOR
2079	gayRights	"No, not at all! Look up the definition of ""pervert"" (the verb, not the noun) or ""perversion""  Then go do some sociological and psychological research (that you(plural) obviously have not done) on the developmental and childhood causes of most homosexuals, and then take of your ""myopic rose colored glasses."" I do not stand against homosexuals being as they are, anymore than it is that no one is perfect or without blemish. I have had homosexual roomates and dear friends. I do not at all have a problem with them living their lifestyle as they choose. -as so may of you put it, ""they are not hurting anyone"" But when we start to ourselves, as a society, pervert the truth about the issue(pervert the truth about perversion), and THEN TAKE IT AN UNACCEPTABLE STEP FARTHER, by saying it is ok, and promoting or advocating it through the legalizing of the sanctity of marriage, is a totally different issue from with which should be protected from. Society should not be able to legislate the advocation of homosexuality to children or anyone else. That is the issue. Homosexual's were given protection from discrimination and same rights as married couples (which is discrimination, by the way) yet, it is never enough and are not satisfied. It is a lie to say it is about rights and equality. It is about cramming the advocation and acceptance of that lifestyle down the throats of society. Please, practice what you aree preaching, ""leave society in peace!""  -But you will not do it; because you refuse to see anything other than how it suits your own desires or your own agenda. I once realized, and accepted the idea that I can not always have things the way i want them; or always force or have people give in to my preferences and my perspectives. Why can you(plural) not do the same?More importantly, that same argument, then exist for almost any other group, or person, with an unusual, or seemingly distasteful, illegal or perverted preference or lifestyle. Stop lying! "	AGAINST
2080	gayRights	No, i was merely criticizing the set up of the question. Gays do have the right to marry.Damn... is it just because you and Pineapple have a problem with me? Cause this is absurd.	FAVOR
2081	gayRights	I am very surprised that you would opt to oppose an argument of mine so soon after our last debate. Perhaps you enjoyed the debate? LetÃ•s see where round number two shall lead the discourse. You asserted: The problem with your argument is that you look at evolution from simplistic perspective.You state that my argument has a problem; however, you then move onto affirming that my view of evolution is of a simplistic perspective. Your proposition is identical in principle to the following proposition: The problem with your car is that you are looking at the gas cap from the wrong side. Both propositions are simply irrational.Moreover, instead of identifying the problem of my argument, your argument proceeds to make claims that have not been syllogistically demonstrated. The argument presumes that the audience grants the propositions without argument; unless of course your argument is purely hypothetical. And lastly, there is an abundance of uncertainty in your argument, which in turn calls into question the wherefore of asserting such things.A. They may makeB. More likelyC. Fairly obviousD. Must beE. More likelyF. No definitive proofG. The possibility is a strong oneDo you simply want to engage in a debate? If so, name the subject-matter.But, only for the purpose of knowledge.	AGAINST
2082	gayRights	"God can certainly make the decisions in your church.  Unfortunately, he is not in charge of the government.  Remember the phrase ""give that which is Caesar's unto Caesar?""  The government has recognized ""marriages"" as civil unions in the legal system since the beginning.  Unfortunately, we used ""that word"" instead of ""civil unions"" or ""households"" or whatever else you choose to call them.  In order for all people to have equal rights, we either need to change the word ""marriage"" to something like ""civil unions"" in all of the legal documents and laws, or just take the easier route and allow everyone to use the term ""marriage"" in the legal sense.Why can't we allow two different meanings for the same word?  It's not like it has never been done?Michelle"	FAVOR
2083	gayRights	"""This article was very sad because what kind of message are these adults sending to   children   ? Disrupt church services and break   the law   , what ever it takes, to force ourselves onto people. Is that a healthy lifestyle for children?""-Hope7That link describes the actions of one fringe group, which is no more representative of homosexuals then the actions of the Westboro Baptist 'Church' are representative of Christians.""More proof children should not be raised in this   environment   .""How is that more proof?  All it says is that sexual orientation may be a product of ones environment, and not just the result of genetics.  Is there any evidence that children raised by homosexuals go on to be homosexuals (in a percentage significantly greater then the rest of the population)?"	FAVOR
2084	gayRights	"By saying""Yes, of course   children   with same-sex parents are at a disadvantage compared to the children of stable, monogamous, traditional families.""you bluntly push the idea that gay couples are not any of the adj's listed above...so gay couples are not stable?  Monogamous? Or traditional (by their standards, not yours)? On what grounds can you say this without any doubt?"" Boys learn how to relate to women and girls substantially through their relations with their mothers; girls learn how to relate to men and boys substantially through their relations with their fathers. A same-sex couple is all but certain to under-serve one of these developmental needs.""by what proof do you have that supports your analyzation? the rest i agree with"	FAVOR
2085	gayRights	"Gershon et al. and the main one, Wainright et al. (though the Gershon one ... the way it was cited in the study confuses me, and may also be, as you said, a ""broken"" home, and the Wainright one -does- have forty-four participants)."	FAVOR
2086	gayRights	I understand that people who are ignorant and uneducated may think that 'gayness' is contagious. Let me assure you, it isn't.During childhood, everyone is laughed at for something.No child will assume a man gave birth to them if the parents explain things the way all parents do. Did you assume your father gave birth to you until your mother said she did?It is alright if he is gay too. There is nothing wrong with being gay. Their is something wrong with judging people and telling children that their gay parents are sinners and are going to hell.There is something wrong with laughing at a child for having two parents who love them. Any orphan would gladly take two fathers or two mothers over no parents any day of the year.	FAVOR
2087	gayRights	A better question would have been, do you worship on Saturday or Sunday?	FAVOR
2088	gayRights	"I'd like to know where you got that bogus information as well.  Have you interviewed ANY ""ex-gay""?  Do you know anyone identifying themselves as gay or ex-gay?  I know both and the testimonies of those who are ex-gay are pretty encouraging that they can and have changed.  Here's some example (on these sites - can't seem to link the exact page):    /  www.narth.com  Regarding the ones I know who identify themselves as ""gay"" are not what I would term the original definition of the word ""happy"".  Its like they picked that word so people would think they were happy, but they are bitter, unforgiving, and vindictive.  Here's a famous example:    "	AGAINST
2089	gayRights	" ""Don't ask don't tell"" softened military policy on gays ""Don't ask don't tell"" made US military policy more flexible and accommodating to gays in the military. The key element was that shifted policy from officers overtly seeking, persecuting, court marshaling, and discharging (often dishonorably), toward a policy that restricted the ability of officers and commanders to inquire on the orientation of a soldier and pursue subsequent action. It also set a higher burden of proof in demonstrating that a person was a homosexual. This general shift toward accommodation was an improvement and should be recognized as such. "	AGAINST
2090	gayRights	"Gay marriage's legal benefits would strain taxpayers - While it is true that homosexuals would benefit financial by getting married and receiving the benefits of marriage, that is actually a concern in many people's eyes. The concern is simply that a change in law that allows same-sex marriage will suddenly create a major financial strain on taxpayers that fund marriage benefits. Hundreds of thousands of same-sex marriages would result from any cross-the-board legalization. Given the significance of the benefits provided to married couples, the new strains would be substantial on tax-payers. "	AGAINST
2091	gayRights	"Gays are only discharged for willfully breaking policy. Anne Hull. ""How 'Don't Tell' Translates"". Washington Post. June 18, 2004 - ""The Army says the discharged linguists were casualties of their own failure to meet a known policy. 'We have standards,' said Harvey Perritt, a spokesman for the U.S. Army Training and Doctrine Command at Fort Monroe, Va. 'We have physical standards, academic standards. There's no difference between administering these standards and administering 'don't ask, don't tell.' The rules are the rules.'"""	AGAINST
2092	gayRights	1) Man+man is a marriage of equals. Ok. So what?2) Marriage between a man and two women. That's a separate debate.3) Marriage between a man and an android. That's a separate debate.4) Marriage is not a right. Ok, but gay marriage still doesn't hurt anyone.4) Marriage is not religious. Ok. So what?5) Changing the meanings of important words can hurt. Ok. But changing the meaning of marriage to allow gays to marry doesn't hurt anyone.	FAVOR
2093	gayRights	Being brought up by two lesbian parents and being a boy with no male role model in my life (other than gay friends of my mom's) i would have to say that it does not put you at a disadvantage.Kids will pick on you for a huge list of reasons. If that means i was saved from names such as 'big head' or 'four eyes' because   children   would choose to focus on the sexual orrientation of my parents, so be it.Both my moms gave me love and attention and supported me through   education  , relationships and anything they could.I must say that i am a very camp man but i harbor no homosexual desires, im completely straight. This is without any heterosexual influence.Now im in my late   teens  , i didnt go to   college  , unfortunatly but instead i work in a large investment bank, earning as much as any  graduate in my job.In conclusion having gay parents hasnt affected me, i have a nice job, a beautifull   girlfriend   and im debt free. This is all the product of the so called 'broken home'	FAVOR
2094	gayRights	are you a Christ follower?	AGAINST
2095	gayRights	Okay I'm glad we are in agreement on those, but you didn't answer my last question.Is your order of preference:A) Civil unions for allB) Marriages for allC) Marriages for heterosexual unions, civil unions for homosexual unionsorA) Civil unions for allB) Marriages for heterosexual unions, civil unions for homosexual unionsC) Marriages for all ?	FAVOR
2096	gayRights	"I agree that it is not right to demonize gays as an entire group, or to try to portray ALL gays and lesbians as having participated in the horrible behaviors that are alluded to here.However, sin is not sin because it involves things that  we  deem to be negative. The bottom line for Believers and followers of Christ is that sin is what God says it is. Therefore, as far as the question of sin is concerned, it does not matter if gays and lesbians are monogamous or promiscuous, whether they are abusive or kind to one another. Obviously one is worse than the other in a practical sense, but since we can agree promiscuity and other misbehaviors are not characteristic of homosexuality, their presence or absence is not what makes homosexuality right or wrong.If you are a follower of Christ, in order to believe that homosexual behavior is not a sin, you must believe that the Bible is fundamentally flawed and that this secret has been hidden from God's people for all of recorded history. Every mention of homosexuality in the Scriptures clearly calls it a sin--both in the Old and New Testaments. There is no example of a homosexual relationship or behavior that is  not  called sin. No one can say that homosexuality is an expression of God's design without contradicting God's Word.You'd have to accept that despite the revelations God gave to the Biblical authors, He was never able to get past their homophobia throughout thousands of years--until this enlightened generation came along and discovered what God  really  said--nevermind that it happens to be perfectly in line with the direction of secular Western culture. The Bible says a lot about that, too.""..I say it again with tears in my eyes, that there are many whose conduct shows they are really enemies of the cross of Christ.They are headed for destruction. Their god is their appetite..."" Philippians 3:18-19God's Word is not always convenient for us where we find ourselves, but He is the only one who is good and we can trust Him with our lives--and our sexuality. I struggle with homosexuality and submitting that to God is not always easy or convenient for me--but God has the right to demand obedience that goes against my nature. Which He demands of us all, by the way.""anyone who does not take his cross and follow me is not worthy of me. Whoever finds his life will lose it, and whoever loses his life for my sake will find it."" Matthew 10:38-39""...live by the Spirit, and you will not gratify the desires of the sinful nature. For the sinful nature desires what is contrary to the Spirit, and the Spirit what is contrary to the sinful nature. They are in conflict with each other..."" Galatians 5:16-17"	AGAINST
2097	gayRights	"You've seen those pictures of giraffes with their necks entwined so that their necks form a heart, right? It's on ""LOVE"" cards and greeting cards everywhere. It's perfectly natural, and it's a mating behavior that causes the animals involved to sexually react to each other. But no female giraffe engages in this behavior. Every time you see it, it's two male giraffes.""Cnemidophorus uniparens,"" the whiptail lizard, reproduces after a ritual involving two females. There are no males. The females partogenically lay eggs afterward that produce female babies. This is also clearly ""natural,"" since it's in nature and it's how the species survive.Take out the claim of ""divinely created natural order"" and all you're left with is ""divine creation"" as your argument, which is a matter for individuals, their gods, and their churches, not the judgement of the Family Research Council."	FAVOR
2098	gayRights	"No I read that correctly. I knew you would go there. Thats why I was so specific. And I'm betting you did want me to shut up or you wouldn't have made the request based on the assumption that I had no other arguments left. So who taught you how to type? ""I was only challenging you to make an actually point.""That link said nothing about my church, you still have not explained exactly what my church did to oppress you. You just repeated yourself.Some of those 'facts' where only opinions. So prove that my church spread lies. [That means prove that they actually are lies.]"	AGAINST
2099	gayRights	I'm not at all certain that is correct Jake. The estimate on the number of gays vs. straights in this country is about 10%. It may well be more, but the family structure has been maintained thus far in the world and will probably remain so. Yes, I would agree that any child needs a Mom or Dad to look up to and it is easier when there are one of each, however, I believe studies have shown very few, if any, bad affects have been realized from a two mom or two dad household. As long as there are members of the other sex around to give the child balance that's all that's really needed.	FAVOR
2100	gayRights	why should they be able to adopt? Thats the easiest way to screw up a kid.	AGAINST
2101	gayRights	I don't believe homosexuality is unnatural, but, even if it was, why does it matter?Air conditioners are unnatural.Televisions are unnatural.Phones are unnatural.Computers and the internet (and all of technology) are unnatural.Even marriage is unnatural, because it's a legal agreement between two people and the state, it doesn't occur anywhere else in nature: only humans marry.Allowing gays to marry isn't advocating homosexuality or anything like that, it's simply allowing gays to marry, so it isn't advocating unnaturalness, so why does it matter if gays marry?Anyway, we learn about computer programs in school, is that promoting unnaturalness?	FAVOR
2102	gayRights	You aren't sure whether a child would be better off in an orphanage or with gay parents? Do you honestly hate gays so much you have no problem leaving them parentless instead of having them raised by gays? 	FAVOR
2103	gayRights	"In response to my assertion that only an atheist can be truly moral because religious folks have mixed motives -- they also want to earn a ticket to heaven -- you claim that   Christians   are different from other religious types because they know they can't get to heaven by being ""good."" Instead, you say, ""Christians believe that accepting Jesus Christ as God's Son and the forgiveness of their sin by grace ... is what enables them to go to heaven."" OK, so you spell out a particular way to earn that ticket. But surely you don't think you could live a life of total evil and massive cruelty and still get a Go-To-Heaven-Free card just by ""accepting Jesus Christ as God's Son and the forgiveness of [your] sin by grace."" I'm sure you'd present some weasel words to say that you can't really do the former and the latter at the same time, but it isn't the behavior that impresses God, it's the accepting part. OK, whatever. You can still impress him favorably or unfavorably, right, and that may influence where he sends you after death.But how about taking a quick test to check the purity of your motives. Imagine that God came to you and explained that he didn't supervise the writing of the Bible and it has some errors. Most importantly, there really is no Heaven or Hell, or indeed any afterlife for humans. When you die, you're dead. Period. And there's no resurrection except for Jesus. Furthermore, he doesn't reward or punish people in this world, either. He leaves that responsibility to other people and their societies. In short, there is no devine reward or punishment at all. You live your life and then you die, and if you want to worship   god   and obey his instructions, that's your choice (free will), but there's no benefit to you. He doesn't even keep track of who does and who doesn't.Furthermore, he points out that, contrary to your statement, he's never sacrificed anything for humans, because he always has everything he could ever want, and anything he does for us is no skin off his nose. He isn't even capable of sacrifice. Even seeing his so-called son on the cross didn't cause him any displeasure. He's not human, after all, and cannot suffer. It's not possible. And he can't be pleased, either. He's already perfect. He is not humanoid, as many people like to imagine.Given that information, can you honestly say that you would continue to worship him as devoutly as before, knowing that you will get absolutely nothing in return? If you can, then I will award you a special Purity of Motives award. But I think those awards will be quite rare, indeed."	FAVOR
2104	gayRights	ahahaha wow 6ahaha 62 i was way off ahaha ...not hmmmm happy ...are you married ?	FAVOR
2105	gayRights	"My response didn't get thru so I'll try again. I really don't care if your insulted by the truth or not, that's your problem. How can you really think a female can give a male perspective? Thre are experiences in life that are sex oriented and no matter hom much you want it not to be, some things are impossible.Please explain how a male can possibly explain the mother instinct to a male adolescent? Please comment on the relationship a mother has with a son, if your a male?We are our experiences and nothing can change that.Please explaine ""well adjusted"" and ""open minded"". Is one inclusive of the other? Who says so, you? The neighbor?. The only thing same sex parenets cannot give a child is the same as an only parent.The emotional and experience of the opposite sexual parent. A family experienced of a father and mother.Your perspective that all's a child need is love and affection is rather limited in itself. Love an affection have nothing to do with the focus of discussion so why mention it?Most adopted kids want to know who their biological parents are. There is a bond that is undeniable and has nothing to do with the love and kindness of another.You talk about bigots like straights have a corner on the market. Waht about the gay's threatening the lives of christians? I suppsoe that's OK since they promote you agenda. Or pedophiles wanting to become parents haveing close access same sex children, schools, and friends.Or do you say that this doesn't exist?The only thing that is relevant is what the child and or cannot get from same sex parents.    "	AGAINST
2106	gayRights	Why shouldnt they be able to, if they are willing to provide a safe loving home for kids without one, why keep the child from having a home jsut because the parents that want to adopt are gay?	FAVOR
2107	gayRights	Because you might be one of them!! GOD created YOU and everyone else if everyone were gay/lesbian there would be no more humans just the homos who are left then humanity is gone , thats why god would give a shit!!!	AGAINST
2108	gayRights	I couldn't find one on why having gay siblings increases the number of offspring, but I did find a study that shows that people with older brothers are more likely to be gay and this one.I'm curious about that too, but if I had to make a very uneducated guess...think about how gay guys stereotypically go shopping with girls. Well if your younger gay brother keeps bringing around girls, then that might increase your chances of getting laid. A very complex scientific explanation, I know, but I'm just guessing.	FAVOR
2109	gayRights	"Yes, while certainly a literal translations would be ""man-beds,"" what, exactly, did Paul mean by this.  Since he DID, in fact, apparently coin the word (there IS no concurrent usage of this word in unrelated Greek texts), there is no reason to assume that it refers to gay people as we know them.  There was certainly plenty of objectionable behavior going on in the culture surrounding Paul at the time he coined this word involving ""men"" and ""beds.""  The likelihood is that he was referring to male prostitutes, boy sex-slaves, or temple orgies.  The likelihood is that he was NOT referring to loving, committed, monogamous, covenantal relationships between two people of the same gender, anymore than the male rape discussed in re Sodom and Gomorrah was referring to loving, committed, monogamous, covenantal relationships between two people of the same gender.  Please.  We would say that the Bible condemns heterosexual marriage because it condemns heterosexual fornication, adultery or rape, would we?  The double-standards get pretty ridiculous."	FAVOR
2110	gayRights	"What does ""arsenokoitai"" really mean?""Nobody knows for certain.""Arsenokoitai"" is made up of two parts: ""arsen"" means ""man""; ""koitai"" means ""beds.""Although the word in English Bibles is interpreted as referring to homosexuals, we can be fairly certain that this is not the meaning that Paul wanted to convey. If he had, he would have used the word ""paiderasste."" That was the standard Greek term at the time for sexual behavior between males. We can conclude that he probably meant something different than people who engaged in male-male adult sexual behavior.Many sources have speculated about the meaning of ""arsenokoitai:...""     "	FAVOR
2111	guns	"The real crux of the matter is the intent of the perpetrator.  It doesn't matter what tool he or she uses to murder, that tool is one hundred percent activated by an individual who is completely determined to murder innocent people: without regard to the individual, family, position in the community or accomplishments. The perpetrator *will* do his best to murder.""... I believe there is a better way of controlling violence - armed or unarmed - without the injuries inherent to guns and knives or other like tools...""In the quiet calm of a home, study, seminar or classroom it is logically impossible to argue against the above quote in any reasonable manner.  Yet, in real life, an individual who is completely focused on murder rarely presents an opportunity for someone to neutralize that individual with something less than deadly force coupled with sudden action; powered by a singular intent.  As of this time, there is not an effective non-violent method or tool available which is relatively inexpensive and available to the public for immediate self protection.  When those become available, then, perhaps, differing methods can be employed.""...If we cannot show compassion toward our violent assailants, what right have we to the claim of civility?""We both claim and possess civility because we employ less than civil actions toward *only* those who employ violent means toward others and ourselves.  Counter question: What value are we, civil and otherwise, if we choose a violent assailant over friends, family and associates?"	FAVOR
2112	guns	i do not think all guns should be banned, but certainly some. guns used for hunting are fine, but they do not serve any purpose other then that. guns such as AK-47's should be band because they are overkill. do you really need a machine gun to kill a little deer. kind of like how some knives such as switchblades are banned because they serve little purpose.	AGAINST
2113	guns	"The point is that my family isn't worth 'playing the odds' with.  I'm not going to stand about saying ""there was nothing I could do,"" when I can buy a gun and go kick some ass.  There IS something you can do.  But you can't wait until the bad guys show up to prepare for it.My family deserves better than excuses and tears on their graves."	FAVOR
2114	guns	People abuse gun rights to rob places and take hostages. people say that you need guns to protect yourself but do you really have time to find your gun if you are taken hostage. usualy the people commiting the crime are more prepared and ready to strike	AGAINST
2115	guns	"The Supreme Court has affirmed the individual right to bear arms. The Supreme Court has affirmed that the 2nd Amendment confers an individual right to bear arms.  (Heller vs. District of Columbia)  Delivered in 2008."	FAVOR
2116	guns	Although the federal government may not be, i'm a big fan of igilante justice. If someone breaks into your house armed with a gun, your handy bread knife isn't going to be enough to defend yourself from a criminal. Yes, guns are also used in crime, but 9 times out of 10, guns used in criminal acts have been obtained illegally. Criminals will get their guns, one way or another. Why stop innocent civilians from having a right to protect themselves in the case of an emergency?	FAVOR
2117	guns	"Adam, I appreciate and respect your reasoned and polite discourse.  If I may, I'll work through some of your comments.  Forgive me in advance if I get long-winded.First regarding your 5th paragraph statement ""older interpretation.""  Among constitutional scholars, the older interpretation is the ""standard model"" (individual right to arms), which is similar to the majority opinion in Heller.  The newer interpretations are called the ""collective rights"" (similar to the Rakove, Cornell et al. brief)and the even-newer ""sophisticated collective rights"" (similar to the Brady Center brief) models.  Regarding these newer, ""sophisticated"" interpretations, a statement from Alan Gura's brief (Respondent's brief in Heller) is germane here:  ""Petitioners plainly disagree with the FramersÃ• Second Amendment policy choices. PetitionersÃ• remedy must be found within the ConstitutionÃ•s Fifth Article, not with linguistic sophistries or an anemic standard of review that would deprive the right of any real force.""  In other words, if you don't like it, you can repeal it.  But you cannot simply make it go away with sophisticated fabrications of the history and intent of the amendment. Refering to the right to own military small arms as a ""grey area"" (your 2nd paragraph), I argue that it seems grey today mostly because we have made it so over time.  I will get into this more in the next paragraph, but the justification (lawful defense of ""good"" - self, home, community, and nation) for the framers' protecting the right to arms is the same today as it was then.  And the arms they protected then certainly included military small arms.  Thus I would argue that the militia purpose of the second amendment (like you, I don't think the two clauses can be decoupled as perfectly as Scalia suggested) makes clear that the arms most precisely protected by the amendment are military small arms.Getting back to your 5th paragraph, regarding what is to be made of the ""well-regulated militia.""  For one, it is necessary to the security of a free state (state with a small ""s"").  So the SCOTUS (and many amici) argues that it is necessary to our free state, but then the majority pretty strongly decouples that purpose from the operative clause.  That is, even if the militia was not necessary, they argue, the guarantee ""the right of the people to keep and bear arms"" would mean the very same thing.  Generally, I agree with this, but personally feel the two cannot be decoupled quite so perfectly.  Why?  Because the militia IS fundamentally important, and arms are in part what fulfill the militia (and the modern legal mandate of the militia clauses in 10 USCode 311)."	FAVOR
2118	guns	"""And although private guns owners wouldn't stand a chance against the U.S. army in a straight up fight...""I think the Russians who invaded Afghanistan and finally had to give it up after nine years might disagree.  And the US effort to control the insurgency in that country and Iraq hasn't been easy by any means.  Even under impossible conditions, during the Warsaw Ghetto uprising the Nazis were held at bay for almost a month."	FAVOR
2119	guns	"You brought up a lot of points so I am going to try and discuss each one separately and in order.First of all the Supreme Court decided that the second amendment is an individual right after looking at what the founding fathers wrote in letters, memos, etc.. at the time not to mention the state constitutions that were written at the time. Is it crappy language? Possibly but since the militia is any citizen from 17-45 that includes most everyone anyways so I am not going to say anything else about that.You can purchase a firearm from any person legally able to own a firearm at any time gun shows have nothing to do with it. Also you have to be residents of the same state to make a private purchase of a firearm. So leave the gun shows out of it all the vendors selling there are federally licensed and bound by law to do background checks. Guns in a home are not more likely to injure or kill another person in the home the USDOJ estimates guns are used 2.5 million times a year to prevent a violent crime. since there are only about 1000 accidental deaths a year caused by firearms I fail to see how that correlates to being more likely to get injured or die. Gun owners must know something they have a better shooting record than cops according to the Journal of Quantitative Criminology. This limits it down to concealed weapon permit holders but according to all of the ones I have met all permit holders are gun guys who practice a lot but not all cops I have met are gun guys and some have admitted to only going to the range once a year to qualify. As for the rest of your discussion I agree completely that the biggest problem in the US is the perception of firearms specially the problem with how they are portrayed in the media. I think that a firearms education class would be a wonderful idea and it wouldn't be to hard to teach along side sex-ed(since most kids go through that about then, well at least I did). I am aware that shooting tests are not required to purchase a gun that would completely overload the system and probably make the class so short it would be pointless, but most states do require a class with a shooting test to get your concealed weapons permit. I doubt asking questions would get you anywhere people would just lie that's human nature. But I completely agree with the education part that is why I am getting my instructor certification this summer and I attempt to take as many people out to the range as possible to teach them about firearms and the safe ways to handle them. As for your statement that handguns are cowardly I wholly resent that remark. It is your choice to say you will never own or carry one but to say those that do are cowardly is crossing the line. So that makes every cop in America a coward because they carry a handgun. I admit I carry a handgun on a daily basis because I accept the responsibility for my personal safety I don't leave it up to someone else and I also accept the fact that bad things can happen. I also carry because I will do anything and everything in my power to protect those that I love so why not be able to carry and use the best weapon at your disposal instead of carrying something that might work(such as mace) or study a martial art for years that is completely negated when some punk walks up with a gun of his own and is out of arms reach(right now I know you are saying ""you wouldn't have time to draw or drawing a gun on a drawn gun is stupid which is very true but if you see the attacker coming and you cant get away then you have time to draw and yes I have drawn my handgun in self defense against an attempted car jacking with a knife.) So all in all I really wish we could better educated the kids in this country about firearms but sadly instead of taking a proactive approach the politicians decide to attempt to ban them instead, which you said yourself wont work not to mention its been proven not to work in several countries including England and Australia. "	FAVOR
2120	guns	The first article is a very good, unbiased presentation of facts about   guns   in general. It does a pretty fair job of just laying out a few facts without trying to push an agenda either way. I have had it bookmarked for quite some time. In it, they use the smallest finding among 9 studies that show at least 764,000 defensive uses of guns per year. It also states that in 1995 there were a total of 1,400 accidental   firearms     deaths   of persons of any age. Now, assuming (incorrectly, but for the sake of argument) that every single one of those accidental deaths was someone being shot with their own gun, that would still mean you were more than 11 times more likely to be killed by someone else than shot with your own gun. And that is all homicides (16,400). 70.3% of all homicides in 2004 were killed with guns (11,529). (See links below)And that is leaving out attempted murders, which you also included. If you want to include attempted murders (described as aggravated assaults by the FBI studies linked below) then you're talking a whole new ball game. Now the number (  murder   + attempted murder) skyrockets to over 870,000, meaning that you are now over 600 times more likely to be killed or have an attempt on your life than to be shot with your own gun (again, assuming that all accidental gun deaths are someone being shot with their own gun).        The second link you provided didn't really address the question, so I won't make any comments one way or the other about the information in it, if that is OK with you.	FAVOR
2121	guns	It says the right of the people as in citizens, not militia.	FAVOR
2122	guns	"One thing that really peeved me this last   election   is the hunters out there.1. There is no constitutional right to hunt. It's about the right to bear arms in sufficient quantity and firepower that a mass of the people who need to resist tyranny can do so.2. The hunters overwhelmingly voted for Obama because they bought his line about being pro-Second Amendment. They were either ignorant or weren't paying attention, because his hostility to the Constitution is plain to see.The idiocy of this is apparent. ""Well, Obama's not going to come after my long gun, and I've got mine and I'm all I care about.""There is no country on this earth that banned and confiscated handguns that didn't also ban and confiscate rifles. Hunting came right after, as we're seeing in the UK now."	FAVOR
2123	guns	I completely agree that the right to carry a gun does indeed make you safer, whether it is in your own home or at a college campus.  I am highly aware the fear people have about the wrong kind of people being able to carry, but the truth is that there are plenty of people that have respect for firearms, and therfore will use them to protect themselves and possibly others if needed.  It makes complete sense that crime would be lower in right to carry states.	FAVOR
2124	guns	While I agree that the Brady Campaign is anti-  constitution  , at least when it comes to the 2nd Amendment, I think it's a stretch to call them anti-American. I am a   legal   carry permit holder, so I staunchly defend my 2nd Amendment right to bear arms and defend myself anywhere and everywhere. However, one of this country's greatest traits is the right to disagree with the government openly with no consequence (as long as you keep it peaceful, of course). I will therefore counter their rhetoric with facts all day long, but I wouldn't call them unAmerican no matter how loony they get.	FAVOR
2125	guns	"The DC handgun ban did decrease crime immediately after passing. The DC handgun ban did decrease crime and murder rates directly after the ban was passed. According to CBS news, ""Homicides in the district did ebb over the next few years, largely following a national trend. In 1977, the U.S. Conference of Mayors reported robberies, assaults and homicides using handguns had fallen sharply in D.C. and concluded the ban was working. However, the results were challenged even by the city's police department, which said police tactics had contributed to the drop."""	AGAINST
2126	guns	" 2nd Amendment conferred a right to defend against various historical threats. Self-defense was a very likely element of the Framers' thinking behind the second amendment. It conferred the right to bear arms for the sake of defending against wolves and bears. It also conferred the right to bear arms for the sake of defending against Indians. Additionally, concerns regarding crime and insecurity were very high in the uncertain first years of the Union, making it likely that the 2nd amendment was also intended by the framers to confer a right to protect against criminals. "	FAVOR
2127	guns	First of all, I can't think of many troops who enlisted to defend this country and it's people suddenly turning around and start killing said people. I'm sure a few would stay behind, but surely not enough to fight the US populace. 	FAVOR
2128	guns	If you put a loaded gun on the table, it will not harm anybody. It takes a person to look someone in the eye, point a gun at them, and pull the trigger. People do kill people, not guns. By your logic, we should ban cars because of some of the imbeciles we have on the road today.	FAVOR
2129	guns	When you need one you need one, those that are licensed & of age should not be barred from carrying on campus	FAVOR
2130	guns	They said it is the right of the PEOPLE. That infers an individual right. You are attempting to blend two separate statements into a single definition. Typical of the Socialist's and Liberals.As far as taking on the American military, sorry again honey, but a large portion of those serving would not turn their guns on private citizens. You would see a civil war far deadlier than the first one. I was in the military at one time, and I know if I ever got an order to turn on the American people I would have executed my commanders as traitors to the Constitution and the nation. And I wasn't alone in that belief.	FAVOR
2131	guns	There are over 40 states that allow handgun carry.  In any store, business, street corner, highway, or sidewalk you may be near a person with a handgun, concealed or not.These people are honest   law   abiding citizens that have proven themselves as such.For what reason should they be stopped from carrying in National Parks.  There is   crime   there just like everyplace else.  Handgun carriers are not there to go hunting and all arguments that they will shoot wildlife are absurd.Failure to allow self protection in our parks is just another way to restrict people and violate the Second Amendment.	FAVOR
2132	guns	Thanks. Here on CD I aim to please (just like in the bathroom). ;)	FAVOR
2133	guns	"2nd amendment secures equally the right of the militia and the individual to arms There is no need to adopt an either/or interpretation of the first and second clauses of the 2nd amendment. Rather, it is valid to consider both to be valid. This means that the right of the militia to exist and the right of the people to bear arms for this purpose is legitimate, and it also means that the right of the people to bear arms in a broader sense (for individual self-defense and so on...) is also legitimate."	FAVOR
2134	guns	i do not think all guns should be banned, but certainly some. if your a hunter and you want to kill a deer, then go and by a rifle, but do you really need an AK-47 to kill a little deer? and if your buying a gun for protection, then that is just stupid. there are plenty of things you can do before resorting to a gun for protection. get a guard dog, buy an alarm, or move near a place with a lower crime rate. you could also buy a taser or pepper spray.	AGAINST
2135	guns	" Historically, many US citizens could not serve in the militia but required guns It is unrealistic to believe that the framers of the constitution would, in creating the Second Amendment, limit the right to keep and bear arms to only those US citizens who were eligible for militia service. There were too many US citizens at the time that were not eligible for militia or military service - either because they were too old, too young, or because they were women - whom nevertheless needed to be able to use guns in self-defense against criminals, wildlife, or Indians and/or in order to hunt, eat, and survive.  "	FAVOR
2136	guns	"Yes I feel safer because I am safer. I have used my gun on more than one occasion to prevent theft, assault and who knows what else had I not been armed. In all cases I did nothing to provoke anyone, never fired a shot and no   children   died from my weapon.  In ""real life"" just having the weapon is enough of a deterrent.  In cases when I did not have a weapon it resulted in a physical altercation sometimes resulting in injury.Typically a burgler would make some type of noise entering your home.  Unless you welcome him in by leaving the doors and windows unlocked.  I could never imagine a situation where anyone woud ""have the drop on me"" ever, especially in my own home.  And having a gun in my home is no more dangerous than any other tool.  "	FAVOR
2137	guns	That person does not look crazy at all, he appears to be a person who happens to like guns and is responsible enough to go to a shooting range.By taking away guns from the average citizen you are only allowing the criminals easy access seeing as they will not give up their guns.	FAVOR
2138	guns	Actually, if you read the chart I gave you, you'll see that Chicago is ranked 15th. No, that's not just the order it is listed in.Burke's arguement is specifically that places where guns are illegal has more gun deaths. That's his arguement. That's the arguement I answered. That chart shows conclusively that the opposite is true.The graph is based on per capita, so that DC has less people is completely irrevelant. You do know what per capita means don't you? That means it's taking into consideration the population.You are just going to have to face the fact that places where guns are legal, have more gun related deaths.That's the arguement Burke put forth. That's the arguement I rebutted. And the facts show conclusively that I am correct.I'm not sure what your arguement is at all.	AGAINST
2139	guns	"While I find your argument to be much more logical than most of the ""he-man, chest beating"" posts about gun ownership, I have a couple of questions for you: 1.  How do you explain the existence of free nations (Canada, the UK, etc) that have strict   gun control   laws? 2.  How do you explain the existence of free nations that have high rates of gun ownership, but low incidences of   gun violence   (ie: Switzerland)?I believe the problem here may not be gun ownership, but the mentality of many people who purchase   guns  . I come from a gun-owning,   hunting   family with several   police   officers in it. My family members who owned guns were responsible, would never have thought to openly carry a loaded weapon (except while ranching, when a loaded rifle was in a carrier in the truck or horse scabbard), and were safe thoughtful people. The mentality of the people in our country seems to be that of provocation and intimidation. I don't think outlawing guns is the answer. We need to do something about the dumbed down, swaggering, spitting, crotch grabbing idiots whose answer to every problem rests in violence. These mass murders of families and random strangers have got to be stopped. I don't feel safe walking our streets any longer. And that isn't the America I knew, and I don't believe it is what the authors of the Constitution intended."	AGAINST
2140	guns	More guns = more gun deaths. Yes of course, I never said otherwise.Clearly having guns provides utility in the form of safety. Indeed guns may actually save lives in some instances, although I have never seen any data to indicate this effect is even the same order of magnitude as its dominant effect.Please look at the relationship between Switzerland and the USA.There does appear to be a more carefully balanced policy that can lead to all the positives and not so many negatives of gun ownership.In answer to your specific points:Out of date; The studies span 5 years, with the newest only 4 years ago. Could you point me to something to shows a dramatic change during this time?Bereft of data; Well no, it contains exactly the data it indicates. How you choose to interpret the data is the interesting part.	AGAINST
2141	guns	If an intruder gets past my alarm and shoots my dog. I'm not calling 911. I'm chambering a personal defense round.	FAVOR
2142	guns	Never has an anti-gun organization proposed anything that could ever be misconstrued as 'reasonable'Spokeswoman and representative Sarah Brady pushed for the legislation of HR 1022 with the Law Enforcement protection act in 2007 without even knowing what some of the things she was trying to have banned do. This was most emphasized in her video here:    She outright lied saying that the original assault weapons ban was a ban on weapons most used to kill our officers when in actuality the weapons banned turned up in less than 2% of all violent crimes involving guns.She also mentioned large capacity clips- which do not exist, but large capacity magazines do.but then when directly asked what barrel shrouds are, and their function, and after 3 unsuccessful dodges, she admitted she had no idea. How could we, the gun community ever expect anything reasonable to come from an organization which has representatives that do not even understand their own position and proposed legislation?Also Paul Helmke, president of the  Brady Campaign, is the same gentleman that started a fundraiser on their website the day after the Virginia Tech Massacre. He is a man of no moral compass who has used tragedy to further his personal agenda and line his own pockets.	FAVOR
2143	guns	The statistics presented may be very true; college aged people may be more irrational or inmature.  College students may be more likely to be influenced by alcohol, drugs, or stress as well.  Personally, those characteristics depend on the person.  However, the more people that have guns, the more people there are that have the means to do damage whether it be accidental or intentional.Guns can misfire.  Someone can accidentally pull the trigger.  Someone may think the gun is not loaded.  A gun could fall into the hands of someone irresponsible. A person influenced by alcohol or drugs may pick up a gun and react to a situation that they would normally ignore.  One way to commit suicide would be easily accessible to those depressed individuals who feel they no longer have a purpose in this world. These are just some of the scenarios that could occur.One could argue that if all the students who were held hostage in that lecture hall on the campus of VT had had guns, someone could have taken down the shooter, but what about all the potential misfired bullets?  What about all the negative situations that could have occurred leading up to that instant and taking place after it? Creating more risk in order to attempt to solve one unfortunate situation is illogical. 	AGAINST
2144	guns	"The first and second clauses of 2nd amendment guarantee militia and individual rights respectively. Oral arguments in DC vs. Heller. Justice Scalia. March l8th, 2008 - ""JUSTICE SCALIA: I don't see how there's any, any, any contradiction between reading the second clause as a -- as a personal guarantee and reading the first one as assuring the existence of a militia, not necessarily a State-managed militia because the militia that resisted the British was not State- managed. But why isn't it perfectly plausible, indeed reasonable, to assume that since the framers knew that the way militias were destroyed by tyrants in the past was not by passing a law against militias, but by taking away the people's weapons -- that was the way militias were destroyed. The two clauses go together beautifully: Since we need a militia, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed."" "	FAVOR
2145	guns	 Guns=war  / war=hatred  /> hatred=no world peace  /> no woarld peace=domination  /> domination=world domination  />   /> do we wont these things?	AGAINST
2146	guns	"How many people get training before buying a gun?   Another issue entirely.    Good for you for having an alarm and a dog and for educating your   children   that   guns   are not toys and on responsible gun ownership.  Thanks.It's problem that a lot people think guns are some kind of magic charm and make you automatically ""safe"".  It's also a problem that guns are viewed by the   media   and by manufacturers of games and toys as just that - toys and game pieces.    Guns are tools, and weapons.  They can be dangerous, and should be respected for what they can do, both helpful and harmful.    But.  I still don't think they make you safer in this kind of situation unless you have other measures of security.   As I've pointed out - having many guns or a gun won't make you ""safer"" if someone is in your home and you find yourself eating carpet before you even forget what you were dreaming about.   Nor does having a gun make you safer if someone decides to wallop you a good one and jack your wallet, kick you in the crotch, throw dirt in your eyes and stab you in the kidney... or... something.  The gun in bag won't do you much good because it can't see the future.   But.  Whatever.  I have them.  I kill things.  I eat them.  I rescued the cat from coyotes.  I scared a persistent Jehovah's witness (was't loaded..).      They're locked.  Some aren't even assembled.   I don't feel safer.   Just more prepared in the event of a natural disaster or jump in the price of ground beef."	AGAINST
2147	guns	            	AGAINST
2148	guns	 Legal guns prevent crime. It is a proven fact. There are places in the US where it is mandatory for citizens to carry legal fire arms. Result zero crime rate. Before Bernard Getz came forward, crime in the NYC subway system dropped tremendously. A criminal is less apt to commit a crime, if he isn't sure some one has a gun. Criminals do not use legal fire arms.	FAVOR
2149	guns	"""You start walking home from the bar/restaurant with your wife. A group of men is approaching you on the dark street. You have your hands. Do you feel safe?  Then you remember, you moved to China, you live in Shanghai, a cosmopolitan city with millions of people and no guns. ... You are safe, you're perfectly safe.""And how, exactly, does the absence of guns prevent the men from stabbing you, smashing your head in, or threatening to do so unless you give them whatever they demand?  If you are safe walking in China, it is only because violent criminals are rarer there.And if criminals in China don't have guns, it is not because China outlaws them -- after all, we outlaw marijuana.  No, it's because if a criminal is ever caught with a gun he is swiftly put to death.  (That's probably why you are safer in China -- if they're caught using _anything_ to commit robberies, criminals are swiftly put to death.)Of course, if we put criminals to death with as much fervor as the Chinese do, we could be safe in the streets even _without_ controlling firearm possession.As an aside, I don't think ""Do guns make you safer?"" is the relevant question.  I don't _want_ to be robbed on the street more safely.  I want not to be robbed on the street -- PERIOD!  In _our_ society, letting lots of people carry guns and use them to shoot down robbers seems to be more effective in suppressing abductions, muggings, and carjackings than anything we can expect from the police."	FAVOR
2150	guns	people have rights. this is a free country. we have the right to defend ourselves, but guns should come with a rule book. just my oppinion tho.	FAVOR
2151	guns	Some of your examples make perfect sense. Banning barrel shrouds seems excessive. Perhaps you are not a gun extremist, after all, just a reasonable gun enthusiast.  But what about one of the more key provisions of the lapsed 1994 federal assault weapons ban - what's so wrong about banning private use of clips with more than 10 rounds?  And with respect to gun shows, it's true that licensed dealers at gun shows must conduct background checks, but individuals not routinely involved in the gun trade ARE allowed to sell their guns without conducting background checks.  It is certainly possible to place additional restrictions on private sellers at gun shows, and thereby to reduce the availability of guns to criminals, etc., without invading private homes.  Yes, illegal gun sales would still occur, but it would be harder.You say you only oppose stupid stuff, and I applaud you for that.  But there are plenty of advocates who oppose all restrictions on gun ownership, just in principle.  That stifles healthy debate, just as much as those who support every restriction they see without thinking about whether it's stupid.	AGAINST
2152	guns	"That's ""Mousy Tongue"".  ANY serviceman can tell you that!!"	FAVOR
2153	guns	 If guns are outlawed only the outlaws will have guns.  / Guns are for those law breakers and rapists or just to stop a mugger from getting your kids. You have at least the divine animal right to protect the life of yourself and your offspring.  />   /> Teachers are folks with families too.	FAVOR
2154	guns	UrsrMajor: Thank you for your explanation of the arms lockers at yourplace of employment. A few years ago I wrote to NRA and proposed a pos-sible answer to the problem faced by   law   and company rules-abiding em-ployees who need to keep arms in their private vehicles when at work be-cause they hunt or proficiency-shoot before or after work and [due todistance] cannot 'double back' to drop or pick up their arms at home...Understadably, most managements have a 'no weapons on company property'rule as they fear a disturbed employee may report to work and shoot theother people there. My idea was to offer employees an 'agreement' inwhich they wud:1. Apply for and agree with the rules regarding arms-in-parking lot.2. Never remove a locked-up arm from their vehicle, carry it into any      building onsite, or 'show it to others' [prospective buyers, etc.]3. Park in a reserved part of the lot that is lit up and watched by se-      curity CCTV cameras [to protect the vehicles from break-in as       well as any sign of agreement-violation. The employee shud al-      ways park there [closer to bldgs?] whether they happen to have      their arms aboard--or not. No one need know and it shudn't be an      issue...4. Any violation of the agreement wud result it loss of the agreement      up to termination...I hoped that such an agreement wud satisfy the arm-owning employees and nervous management. Also, I felt [and still believe] that this lotrule wud be something all cud accept. Want to go   hunting  ,   shooting  , orto show an arm to a fellow employee who is interested in buying it? Gooffsite after work to a lawful place [range, gunshop, private property,etc.] and shoot/demo your arms properly...Aaron Allen..	FAVOR
2155	guns	"The first and second clauses of 2nd amendment guarantee militia and individual rights respectively. Oral arguments in DC vs. Heller. Justice Scalia. March l8th, 2008 - ""JUSTICE SCALIA: I don't see how there's any, any, any contradiction between reading the second clause as a -- as a personal guarantee and reading the first one as assuring the existence of a militia, not necessarily a State-managed militia because the militia that resisted the British was not State- managed. But why isn't it perfectly plausible, indeed reasonable, to assume that since the framers knew that the way militias were destroyed by tyrants in the past was not by passing a law against militias, but by taking away the people's weapons -- that was the way militias were destroyed. The two clauses go together beautifully: Since we need a militia, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed."" "	FAVOR
2156	guns	As an Australian, I have to correct your generalisation that there has been a huge increase in   crime  . This is for the most part, factually untrue. If you look at the links below, you will see that property crime has been trending downwards in the last few years (    /), while only Assault has risen among violent crimes (    /). Irrespective of the statistical aspects, the fact remains that gun related violence is really very rare in Australia. When people do commit violent crimes, they use   firearms   in only around 15% of cases (    ). In any case, even before the bans of 1996 and 2001 (which applied to automatics, semi-automatic rifles, pump-action shotguns, and high capacity semi-automatic pistols),  there has never been a   law   permitting private citizens to carry firearms of any sort on their person for any reason, so it isn't as if people stopped carrying   guns   or keeping them in their homes to not having them at all. 	AGAINST
2157	guns	"This chart is out of date and woefully bereft of any meaningful data.  It's like saying that more cars lead to more deaths in cars.  Well, duh!  So it gives an incomplete assessment.  It's like an old electrician used to say, ""More people die from 110 volt household current because that's what most voltage is!"""	FAVOR
2158	guns	"My ""no"" response is related to guns and any other body-harming weapon used specifically as defensive weapons. I'm quite in favor of individual defensive devices of some sort - stun guns, tasers, pepper sprays, etc. - insofar as these weapons can theoretically neutralize a perpetrator without permanent damage. I certainly understand the history of weapon carrying and do not have specific criticism of it. It is simply my preference that a dangerous assailant be neutralized - if at all possible - without causing them permanent harm. I believe there is a better way of controlling violence - armed or unarmed - without the injuries inherent to guns and knives or other like tools. It seems to me these alternate devices are at least a hint at substitutes. Certainly others can be developed. It always seems preferable to defend oneself in a way befitting of one who believes there is no place for physical violence in a civilized culture. The nature of guns and other dangerous tools used even for defensive purposes seems to contradict the spirit of such a society. If we cannot show compassion toward our violent assailants, what right have we to the claim of civility?In any event, I fully support the right of a voting american to own and carry a firearm regardless of the lethality issues. It is a guaranteed liberty, but I would hope the majority of americans would choose a non-violent path when practical."	AGAINST
2159	guns	These examples do a good job of proving the point that they guns should be aloud on campus, but i can't help but notice that if guns were illegal in the first place then the problem would never had originated. And i just won't except the argument that we need guns to keep us safe from the criminals that will get guns illegally. There has to be a more mature solution then that. 	AGAINST
2160	guns	" Let me write this carefully.  I'm neither 100% one way or the other BUT I did have to research and debate this topic in college...  />   /> It's undeniable crimes are higher in countries with lots of guns.  Yet there's also a grain of truth to the simple claim that when you ban guns only the criminal will have guns.  What you need is a careful middle ground.  Personally I say 1) Guns should be registered and gun holders should be licensed.  You have to be licensed if you own a car because if the wrong person is driving badly they may kill someone, the same should be true with having a gun.  2) Procuring the gun should require some sort of background check and/or waiting period.  Look if you're truly legit you've got nothing to fear from be checked out or waiting a bit longer.  3) Gun training should be mandatory for gun owners and include awareness of the law, gun safety including lock-up and anti-theft, as well as basic gun maintenance and practice shooting.  If you're going to have the gun you should do it right.  4) Military weapons are for the military.  The right to keep and bear arms does not mean any and every type of gun that can ever possibly exist is yours to have.  Ordinary guns - rifles, shotguns, even some pistols, those are fair game.  But the common citizen has no business owning 50mm machine guns, rocket launchers, armor piercing bullets, etc.  />   /> So, I'm saying ""against"" because I don't think it's as simple as make them illegal.  Instead make ownership of them RESPONSIBLE and add serious consequences for those who are irresponsible.  />   /> And frankly the 2nd Amendment buffs who are going to vent and say no restriction of any kind ever should be on guns are doing a tremendous disservice to their cause.  Frankly I would prefer to utterly ban all guns instead of allow a wild wild west anything goes scenario."	FAVOR
2161	guns	"The idea of a militia protecting against domestic tyranny is a myth"	AGAINST
2162	guns	Guns dont kill people, people kill people. People sometimes kill other people innocently a lower percentage of the time but yes it is there. It is called self defense. If someone breaks into your house and you shoot and kill that man is that a bad thing? Also if it is not guns then it will be homemade bombs or just kitchen knives. It would be almost impossible to ban just like the alchohol ban the US gov tried. It wont work in the southern states I gurantee it. Most of the 16 year olds and higher that I KNOW own a gun . at least 25% of them. Which means that they are already toting illegaly so if they are already how is the gov gonna enforce it if they are already having KIDS slip under the radar?	FAVOR
2163	guns	"Should [citizen] guns be banned?- hell no.In an arguement made by T.S. Eggleston, if guns were banned, a black market would arise as well as gun smuggling. This in return would lead to an increase in crime and honestly, who wants more crime? He states that the citizens with no previous criminal records would surrender their guns to officials, leaving them helpless and at a higher risk for being injured.Eggleston further explains that ""Criminals will always continue to break the law and prey on the law-abiding but disarmed citizens.""For the previous arguements that claim ""there are almost no cases where an innocent person has defended themselves with a gun.""Thats bull. According to Eggleston and other statistics, ""every 13 seconds, an American uses a legal firearm in defense against a criminal.""So, for self-protection, guns should remain legal. It prevents overcrowding of prisons, riots, and decreases many injuries. In return health costs are not forced to sky-rocket.To suit the people that believe guns should be completely illegal....I do feel that stricter laws need to be enforced to acquire such equipment.According to the National Rifle Association (NRAILA), in the state of Texas, an individual does not need a permit to buy a hangun, and they are not required to carry registration or a license.This lack of legislation is one of the main reasons for the decrease in gun safety, so if we fix this, Americans can be on their way to a happy, gun legal society.=] "	FAVOR
2164	guns	These examples alone show how everyday citizens can protect themselves and others with the ability to concealed carry a firearm.  Imagine if people like the security officer and the principal did not have firearms on them, innocent lives would have been lost.  I believe that is enough evidence alone to show the capabilities of what the ability to carry a concealed weapon on college campuses.  Nothing can argue otherwise...it is a yes or no situation, yes carry concealed firearms and have the capability to protect yourself, or no, don't allow the carrying of concealed firearms and allow citizens to become subject to the danger that they may face.  	FAVOR
2165	guns	Actually we will get rid of   guns  . It's just a question of time. Just as gay marriage will be legalised - just as the right have lost, and will continue to lose every significant social battle, including slavery and granting women the vote. The bibles will also go and we will all grow up... the world will move forward... And you will be lost, just as the dinosaurs were... evolve people... evolve - or be lost to the legers of history.	AGAINST
2166	guns	"Please, Please show me where in the 2nd amendment to the United States Constitution it has any limitations on the bearing of arms....Personally I feel that everybody should enjoy the freedom to protect themselves, be they felons or even mentally ill people, and the way I feel about it is backed up by the Constitution, as it says we have the freedom to pursue ""life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness"" Prohibiting people from owning guns just takes the RKBA from law abiding citizens it does nothing to keep guns out of the hands of those who will use them for evil purposes.If it is felt that a person is too dangerous to own a firearm then that person should not be free in our society he should either be commitment for a mental illness that keeps him from functioning as a member of society or he should be in prison as he is too violent to be among the citizens that are allowed all their freedoms as enumerated in the constitution."	FAVOR
2167	guns	Not really. While the success rate of different suicide methods is not in doubt the fact remains that if you are using pills or cutting to try and kill yourself, you're not all that serious about suicide. I would love to see a link the the research that actually shows even a medium correlation between gun ownership and suicide risk. The biggest study on this at your means matter site classifies New Hampshire as being a low gun prevalence state. This shows that their method of collecting data was flawed, to say the least.	FAVOR
2168	guns	We have to look outside the box. Criminals WILL ABSOLUTLEY get a hold of guns whether there is a law banning firearms or not. If you don't believe in guns, then don't buy a damn gun. If you feel safe in your home without a gun, then don't buy a damn gun. If you feel safe walking amongst thieves and murderers with just a can of pepper spray, then....say it with it me.....Don't buy a damn gun. Me? I like the idea that if I have the CHOICE, I could LETHALLY defend me or a loved one. I don't know about you, but I live outside the box. On the outside we don't live in a perfect world where there isn't crime and violence. I'm not a trigger happy fellow either as you might paint us gun rights enthusiasts. I dread the thought of the day I might have to take the life of another human being. You know what though?.....It could be mine that's taken from me if I fail to protect myself. If everyone carried a firearm on them, everywhere they went..... you think Home Invasions, Theft or Murders would occur quite as often? I don't believe so. Half the scum bags would be dead. Take away our weapons.... and you give criminals the chance to flourish.	FAVOR
2169	guns	"The argument that we have problems because we don't enforce the existing laws is a dangerous trap.  The NRA position seems to be ""some   guns   are dangerous, but others are not, we should ban the dangerous ones and strictly enforce those bans, but keep sporting   firearms     legal  .""  This is wrong for two reasons.  The first is that all guns are dangerous.  It is not difficult to ruin someone's day with a .22.  This rhetoric leads to a flippant attitude around deadly weapons.  The second reason is that some guns are REALLY dangerous, and that's exactly why we need them.  (Surprised you, didn't I?)  The Founding Fathers didn't consider sport shooting and hunting to be of such value that it required a Constitutional Amendment.  They felt no need to similarly protect other passtimes.  That Amendment was passed because they realized that without arms the people would have no means by which to overthrow the government, and no means to force them to follow the rest of the Constitution.  It's not about safety, or hunting, or sport.  It's about protecting the right of the people to armed insurrection against a tyrranical government.  As such, the ""...Right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.""  That means that our RIGHT to keep AND bear (not just lock unloaded in a safe with trigger guard, but actually carry around with us) ARMS (not just certain guns that the government decides are safe for us to have, but all arms, from a Saturday Night Special to   military  -grade C4) shall not be infringed (limited in any way).  Therefore, the NRA's argument that we ""need to enforce the laws on the books,"" is rubbish.  There should be no laws on the books."	FAVOR
2170	guns	Guns save lives! If we were to ban guns the only people that will have guns are the people we were trying to take them away from. People already are able to get guns illegally and will continue to if they are banned. I will always feel safer with a gun knowing that criminals can get guns illegally.	FAVOR
2171	guns	It's one thing to fantasize about law abiding citizens holding back the threat of intruders, rapists, angry mobs and tyrants. it may be comforting to imagine that restrictions on guns will only inconvenience the law abiding. Even if all this is true, America appears to pay a heavy price for this position on guns. Here are some comparative figures in gun-related deaths in various countries:The United States accounted for 45 percent of the 88,649 gun deaths reported in the study, the first comprehensive international scrutiny of gun-related deaths.The gun-related deaths per 100,000 people in 1994 by country were as follows:U.S.A. 14.24Northern Ireland 6.63Finland 6.46Switzerland 5.31France 5.15Canada 4.31Norway 3.82Austria 3.70Portugal 3.20Israel 2.91Belgium 2.90Australia 2.65Slovenia 2.60Italy 2.44New Zealand 2.38Denmark 2.09Sweden 1.92Kuwait 1.84Greece 1.29Germany 1.24Hungary 1.11Ireland 0.97Spain 0.78Netherlands 0.70Scotland 0.54England and Wales 0.41Taiwan 0.37Singapore 0.21Mauritius 0.19Hong Kong 0.14South Korea 0.12Japan 0.05My source:     Canada has less than a third of the per capita gun related deaths of the United States. Australia has less than a fifth of the per capita gun related deaths of the United States.England and Wales have less than a thirtieth of the per capita gun related deaths of the United StatesSo the United States bears a great burden from those extra gun related deaths	AGAINST
2172	guns	 That has always been my thoughts states side.	FAVOR
2173	guns	 I agree since I personally the think generally the less guns available, the less gun related crime.	AGAINST
2174	guns	on the pro-weapon side. There's the type that use reason, use logical and skillful rhetoric. And there's bumper-sticker crossed with crazy.	AGAINST
2175	guns	" In order to form a militia, citizens require guns and a right to own them The ability to form a militia is dependent on citizens owning guns and being able to bring them to a militia. If they do not individually own guns (perhaps because they are not offered this individual right), then they are not capable of bringing guns to bear in the formation of a militia. And, it should be acknowledged, that the contingency under consideration is one in which a militia is formed to fight or check a tyrannical government. This means that citizens must be able to form a militia outside of government control, which requires the individual possession of arms. "	FAVOR
2176	guns	I think that if someone with alot of money wants a concealed wepon because their paranoid shouldn't be able to obtain one.  If they always think that somone is after them then they should get some help.  If its someone that wants one because they would feel safer in a situation when they are robbed then by all means let them have one.  But for paranoid people that are short tempered and tense in a tight spot.	AGAINST
2177	guns	"""The beauty of the   second amendment   is that it will not be needed until they try to take it."" -Thomas Jefferson"	FAVOR
2178	guns	"What is your education level? Oh nevermind. Listen bodily functions are not repeat not rights. As for making choices about the direction of ones life well i'm flabergasted, you almost make my point fore me, yes Virginia we do have the right, God given of protecting our lives and of those around us,in order to do this you have to be educated in the use of all the tools around you,Knowing the enviroment you travel in, use of ones physical abilities, i.e. karate or kung fu,what I am trying to say is that a gun is an inanimate object, atool to be used for good or evil as ""man"" so choses. As we live in a Free society(getting less all the time) a ""man"" should be free to use any tools at his disposal for the protection of our very being.Also note that most of the people I know already know that the politicians and wall street aren't to be trusted, they squandered trillions and will continue to do so as long as the sheep can be led astray. They will not save you and If you give them unlimited power, economic or otherwise they will surely abuse you, as for me and mine i will protect it the best that i can with All the tools available to me."	FAVOR
2179	guns	Actually, no I wouldn't.If a robber came into my house in an area where gun ownership is legal, I'd have to seriously consider whether or not this person is also going to have a gun; why would they enter my house unarmed if they knew that chances were that I would have a gun? All this is going to do is cause a shootout, with most likely someone (50% chance it's me) getting shot.I'd rather hand over my stuff (it's just stuff), claim on the insurance afterwards and have a greatly reduced risk of ending up dead.	AGAINST
2180	guns	a drunk kid with a permit will get in an argument with another kid at a party and shoot them. The idea that only the most trustworthy and responsible will get permits is wishful thinking.	AGAINST
2181	guns	 I grew up in a society much like the old west in the US. Everyone carried guns. I had a sidearm and rifle on the saddle.  />   /> There was very little crime and nobody walked around like a badazz. There certainly weren't any thug stares happening.  />   /> Anyway, it's very debatable. The days of walking into public places and killing unarmed people would be over. Crimes in public would go waaaaay down.	FAVOR
2182	guns	what im saying here is that we have to be very careful when it comes to this subject of a gun amnesty, as they may take your guns, but then corrupt law members then may give them to some quite nasty organised crime syndicates.For those who want to blindly say the law would not do something like that, then you are not allowing for the strongest existing element- HUMAN NATURE.	AGAINST
2183	guns	"""guns kill people"" that is wat we have to remember. I mean NOONE should have a gun. That enforces that people kill one anouther."	AGAINST
2184	guns	"People can own gun's illegally. As I'm sure the ""men in the dark ally' will have. Ha besides it's China who wants to live their when you could have your Freedom in America."	FAVOR
2185	guns	1,145 times a day handguns are used against robbers. 416 times each day women use their handguns to protect themselves from rapists. Overall, a gun in the home is 216 times more likely to be used in self defense than to cause the death of an innocent victim. And even if you don't own a gun, preserving the right of your neighbors to own them is one of the best ways to keep criminals out of your neighborhood.	FAVOR
2186	guns	" The 1994 assault weapons ban did not decrease crime The obvious intent of the 1994 assault weapons ban was to decrease criminal acts in which assault weapons were used. But, the assault weapons ban has not done this. "	FAVOR
2187	guns	" Citizen gun ownership acts as a deterrent against criminals When citizens have guns, criminals fear committing crimes due to the risk that they will be shot. Many studies indicate that this deterrent effect decreases violent crime rates. The correlation is not surprising."	FAVOR
2188	guns	The latest data I can find on this matter is from the CDC using WISQARS tool.  For unintentional (accident) death-by-firearm for year 2005, ages 0 - 18 (not just 'children' but minors) the data show 154 fatalities out of 77,546,344 minors.  Sorry, but that's not very alarming.For suicides during the same year and for the same age range it was 600 even.  Again, that's not very alarming considering the number of minors.How about unintentional drowning?  1,057.  Same year, same age group.  Unintentional poisoning?  456.  Residential fire? 479.  Motor vehicle? 5,870.  My point in all of this is that 'children' die in a variety of ways more frequently than they do at the end of a gun, and stopping some guy at a cash register with another ill concieved law will not make these already low numbers go down.	FAVOR
2189	guns	" The 2nd Amendment does not express a right to bear arms for self-defense The 2nd Amendment does not explicitly refer to a right to bear arms for the purpose of self-defense. It only explicitly refers to a right to bear arms for the purpose of upholding ""a well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State."" The 2nd Amendment should not be read as conferring a right that it does not clearly confer; a right to arms for the purpose of self defense. Inferences are insufficient, particularly as evidence can be gathered regarding the intentions of the framers of the Constitution that could cut both for and against the notion that the 2nd amendment was intended to confer an individual right to bear arms for the purpose of self-defense. Because neither inference can be definitely deemed correct, the Constitution must be taken at its explicit word, which gives no mention to self-defense."	AGAINST
2190	guns	But none of those countries have the same problems with illegal aliens that the U.S. has. It's quite a bit harder to walk to Australia, for example, from another country than it is to walk to Texas. Canada has a much more sparse population with fewer metropolitan areas,  where   crime   tends to be concentrated. There are numerous factors that together all combine to answer the question. 	FAVOR
2191	guns	Oh, thats cool, I agree. Sorry bout that.	FAVOR
2192	guns	" If 2nd Amendment aims only at military preparedness, guns should be available for training only Some argue that one of the main purposes of the 2nd amendment is to enable citizens to train with weapons so that they are prepared for military service or the draft. If this is the case, and if the military is fully capable of supplying citizens with guns upon entering the service or being drafted, then it is appropriate to restrict citizen gun-use to training purposes at gun ranges. In this case, there is no need for citizens to own guns, but only the need for citizens to train with them such that they are fully prepared to serve militarily. "	AGAINST
2193	guns	"Wrong! Last year 2.5 million people were saved by using a gun for self defense. I don't consider that ""almost no cases where an innocent person has defended themselves."""	FAVOR
2194	guns	ya brad if the people that the robbers were gonna take hostage have guns they can show them whats up	FAVOR
2195	guns	everybody is talking about how the government is going to take over, and guns will be the only way to protect ourselves. it sounds like some bad movie premise. how has the government taken over exactly, and what is so bad if it did? i mean isn't a nation supposed to be run by a government? if we were under the control of a tyrant, then i could understand, but we live in a democracy. we choose our leaders, and can impeach them if we do not like them. it is not a perfect system i know, but it ensures that no person can take control of our country. even if somebody did, then do you really think a gun is going to be you saving grace? if there was a so called tyrant, then he probably has taken over the militia, and do you think that you would win against a trained solider who probably has better weapons.	AGAINST
2196	guns	"Mayor Daley of Los Angeles together with other lawmakers publicly supported the DC handgun ban"	AGAINST
2197	guns	i think if people are responsible they should be able to buy and use firarms. but theres some people who use them for the wrong reason and that is what makes little familys cry because there loved one was gunned down by a horable person ;(((((((((((	FAVOR
2198	guns	"Heres one for ya.......GUNTOWN USA    QUOTE ""In March 1982, 25 years ago, the small town of Kennesaw Ã responding to a handgun ban in Morton Grove, Ill. Ã unanimously passed an ordinance requiring each head of household to own and maintain a gun. Since then, despite dire predictions of ""Wild West"" showdowns and increased violence and accidents, not a single resident has been involved in a fatal   shooting   Ã as a victim, attacker or defender."""	FAVOR
2199	guns	"Kelly,I am ignorant? You donÃ•t even realize you are debating two different people. I never stated ""The   second amendment   is not intended to defend American citizens from   hunger   or   crime  , but to protect them from the American government should that defense be required."" that was the other persons statement not my own. So I never changed anything I simply added on to what was previously written BY SOMEONE ELSE. Since you took the stance that the 2nd Amendment was only for militias I wrote to counter that argument you put forth.  Which I completely agree, that was its original purpose and still very valid today. I also believe that like knives and hammers and any other tool a firearm is simply that a tool that can be used for good or bad. It is people who are evil not inanimate objects. Now you are moving completely over to the emotional side stating that the   murder   rate and death rate will increase with   firearms  . Can you back up this so called fact? Or did you just assume that is what would happen without again doing any research. How about you actually look up a few of the studies on Concealed Carry (I will leave a few at the end of this for you). Out of all the studies ever done on Concealed Carry in the US not one has shown an increase in crime or rates of death by firearms, not one. Not even the ones done by liberal slanted professors. I am not even going to bring up all the international studies which yet again show the same thing(that   guns   are not the problem) but in my opinion donÃ•t point to a clear stance all they prove is that different countries have different socio-cultural composites that tend to affect crime rates way more than the availability of firearms. But yet again you show your ignorance of   the law   and utter lack of proper research by bringing up the whole drinking while carrying rant. This is for you and everyone else out there that is attempting to hang on to this fallacy IT IS ILLEGAL!!! I will admit that a few states allow you to drink and carry but they are the overwhelming minority and have shown your argument to be false even when   legal  . I donÃ•t know any permit holder that would put their right to carry in jeopardy for a drink. Yes these people went through the training and background checks and paid the   money   to the state just to go have a beer and lose that right?  Yet again show me one instance where someone with a Concealed Carry Permit got drunk and did something stupid with their firearms. I do restrict this to people who have permits only and are not also   police   officers I found a few instances of officers being drunk with a gun and causing trouble but not an average citizen and officers are allowed to carry guns everywhere and are not seen as dangerous. I canÃ•t seem to find one and I currently live in Idaho for school, where it is legal to carry into a Bar and to a certain point drink while carrying (the law is fuzzy).  ItÃ•s the same thing with the whole jealous rage ploy. It doesnÃ•t happen now so why would carrying onto a public park change that? Do we someone become different people in National Parks and we want to kill everything?? You are just regurgitating the same pathetic ranting that was brought up ten years ago when Concealed Carry Laws where first passed even after ten years there is still no basis to this argument. Do you really believe that if that ever did happen the news would be all over that, they would be eating that up. It would be plastered on every major news station how some idiot with a permit got drunk and shot up some place and he had a permit to carry the firearm legally. Also I ask that you leave out stories with people who happen to live in a state that requires you to have a permit to own a firearm (blatantly against the 2nd I might   add  )  it is not the same thing and does not give a person a right to carry only to own.I am glad you are thinking of buying a few weapons but I do suggest going to range for the proper training first so you donÃ•t become a danger to yourself and others like you assume everyone else to be. I also thoroughly resent your last statement I am neither an NRA member nor a criminal, you are stereotyping an entire group by the actions of a few which is a very narrow minded way to look at the world. Yet again I am placing my name at the bottom so you realize who you are debating with.LOUIS"	FAVOR
2200	guns	"Let's examine this from an historical point of view, rather than as an artificial construction.  From U.S. vs. Miller 1939:""...The Militia which the States were expected to maintain and train is set in contrast with Troops which they were forbidden to keep without the consent of Congress. The sentiment of the time strongly disfavored standing armies; the common view was that adequate defense of country and laws could be secured through the Militia- civilians primarily, soldiers on occasion.The signification attributed to the term Militia appears from the debates in the Convention, the history and legislation of Colonies and States, and the writings of approved commentators. These show plainly enough that the Militia comprised all males physically capable of acting in concert for the common defense. 'A body of citizens enrolled for military discipline.' And further, that ordinarily when called for service these men were expected to appear bearing arms supplied by themselves and of the kind in common use at the time...""From the National Guard Charter:""In addition to the definitions in sections 1-5 of title 1, the    following definitions apply in this title:        (1) ""Territory"" means any Territory organized after this title      is enacted, so long as it remains a Territory. However, for      purposes of this title and other laws relating to the militia,      the National Guard, the Army National Guard of the United States,      and the Air National Guard of the United States, ""Territory""      includes Guam and the Virgin Islands.        (2) ""Armed forces"" means the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine      Corps, and Coast Guard.        (3) ""National Guard"" means the Army National Guard and the Air      National Guard.        (4) ""Army National Guard"" means that part of the organized      militia of the several States and Territories, Puerto Rico, and      the District of Columbia, active and inactive, that -           (A) is a land force;          (B) is trained, and has its officers appointed, under the        sixteenth clause of section 8, article I, of the Constitution;          (C) is organized, armed, and equipped wholly or partly at        Federal expense; and          (D) is federally recognized...""This last means that the Militia are not the National Guard, but that the National Guard will train and equip the members of the militia.  This law changes where the militia acquire military equipment but does not negate both the duty and right to keep and maintain arms ""...of the kind in common use at the time...""I don't know if you are familiar with the case or not, but the Supreme Court recently delved in depth with these very subjects: the militia and the individual right to keep and bear arms.  The location is:    The reasoning is quite good. Also, this decision left open the government's power to regulate the right, but not negate it."	FAVOR
2201	guns	He's not a criminal. It's the same reason we have laws against drunk driving. It's almost a pre-emptive   law  . Seung-Hui Cho bough two   guns  , bought ammunition off of eBay, went through background checks, walked onto campus, and before he fired the first shot he hadn't done anything illegal. This is a problem.Anyways, I hope that answers your question. Your rhetorical flair of Progressive = Dumbass is what keeps the ideas flowing smoothly in this country. Well done. You're like Cicero, sir.	AGAINST
2202	guns	"""The   second amendment   is not intended to defend American citizens from   hunger   or   crime   , but to protect them from the American government should that defense be required.""Hm, that sounds a bit like something you made up.  The actual verbiage of the amendment is as follows:""A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the People to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.""So, you might interpret that to mean states defending themselves against the Federal government, but mostly it sounds like having weapons for use in a, er, well regulated militia.  Well regulated.  Not a bunch of loners carrying around concealed weapons who fancy themselves as some kind of frontier justice."	AGAINST
2203	guns	If its concealed it is on you.How much safer can a gun be?No one can find it there.A camper or motorhome is easy to get into and now a bad guy has your gun.	FAVOR
2204	guns	Ummm, there are a quite a few people, such as myself, that are not slowed by pepper spray or CS gas. When I was in the military I was one of those folks that was still 80% combat effective after being exposed to a high does of CS gas. 80% combat effective... now add rage to that since you just inflicted severe discomfort and you die.Taser? Come on, those are not exactly non-lethal either. There are several cases in court now due to DEATH caused by tasers. And pepper spray? Ummm I have seen people continue the fight literally undeterred by pepper spray. I am one of those people.Sorry but you want to defend yourself against an ARMED assailant with non-lethal and short distance weapons? You die. You need to understand something, if someone comes in shooting (which is against the LAW as is MURDER!) then just how much of a chance do you think you will have with your non-lethal defense? Both weapons require you to be within 10 feet to be even remotely effective. You die.So you will be one that the cops will come in and stuff into a body tag when it's all over. They will see your mace in one hand and your taser in the other. Nice not knowing you.	FAVOR
2205	guns	Why have a gun if its unloaded and locked up?How good is it for self-defense?Thats like having a car with no engine.	FAVOR
2206	guns	Having an armed guard means he will be the first to go. If someone wants to do serious damage, they either do it in a place where they will meet no resistance, or they are doing it in a place where they can control the enviornment by eliminating the only knwon threat. By allowing CCW or CHP holders (usually 21 and older, not students) to carry at school, you do two things. 1 - you eliminate the safe zone that would have otherwise existed FOR the bad guy. 2 - You take his control of the situation away, by eliminating his knowlege of those that could resist and end his rampage earlier than expected. Although an armed guard is better than nothing, having armed and trained individuals is the better choice.	FAVOR
2207	guns	 Yes! It's part of our constitutional right. Why not , well sane and responsible people at least.	FAVOR
2208	guns	Sorry but after reading your column which is fraught with a complete lack of facts, I have to wonder about your intelligence. First off it has been proven on many occasions that guns are not the problem and that more guns in the hands of Law Abiding citizens actually deters crime. You don't have to take my word for it, do your due diligence and go no further than the FBI crime statistics and right to carry states.Your fear of guns stems from ignorance of facts which is readily displayed in your column. It would behoove you to actually do some research on the subject at hand before your write something that will be published for public scrutiny.[B]Fact 1[/B]. People will still commit murder and rape, regardless if they have guns or not. People will still kill themselves even without guns.[B]Fact 2[/B]. I refer to actual crime statistics and right to carry comparisons. Every state, county, city that has restrictive gun control has a higher violent crime rate than those that exercise right to carry. And again that is based on facts in evidence from the FBI, not some emotional knee jerk reaction... as 99% of the anti-gun rhetoric is wont to be.[B]Fact 3[/B]. Gun control does not solve the problem, education does.Watch these three clips and begin to understand your stance is one of ignorant fear.-      - John Stossel 20/20-      - Canada's failed gun control-      - England's failed gun control|-      Ã Ask Ryan Lee Bergner what she thinks of the idea of disarming the law abiding citizen.-      - Suzanna Gratia Hupp this woman is dead on with her argument[B]Fact 4[/B]. Over 2,000,000 crimes are deterred annually by legally armed citizens. Again these facts can be verified by FBI crime data.I am not going to provide you with the links to the FBI crime data because you can easily find it yourself. Also because you won't pay attention to facts as they are presented. I can pretty much with a 99% certainty guarantee you won't even watch any of the videos provided either No you will continue to cower in fear due to ignorance while good honest law abiding citizens are out there protecting you by exercising their right to carry.The bottom line is you and your agenda are not the solution, you are part of the problem. But you are incapable of admitting or seeing that since you use emotion instead of logic, reason and intelligence guide your through life. Too bad too, you are in a position to actually provide a solution through education, but you chose instead to use fear and ignorance. Just like the last administration did and so the current one will continue to do.Sincerely a law abiding gun owner	FAVOR
2209	guns	Growing up around   firearms   they know that they would be walking into an ambush and that they had better identify themselves as friendly. My wife being trained in firearm safety knows not to shoot anything she cant see. BTW I also have an alarm and a dog.	FAVOR
2210	guns	People need the right of defense, safty, a gun. People argue that it will just put guns in the wrong hands, but arent they already? Really will makeing it Illegal do anything? I think not, because its not Guns that kills people, its people. The gun wont kill you without someone behind it, not all people have the right reasons for haveing a gun, but does that mean people who do have the right reasons will be punished and left unarmed, and defensless?	FAVOR
2211	guns	Why is the fact they are students change anything? They still have to be over 21 pass a background check that includes a mental health check and in most states take a firearm class. Carrying a concealed handgun is not paranoia it is the acceptance of responsibility for your own personal protection. Yet again as I have said on here many times what makes a college campus any different from mall, grocery stores, bowling alleys, movie theaters, restaurants or any other place adults with concealed weapons permits can carry. You don't here about a CWP holder going off and shooting unarmed people in those places what makes a college so different. Your second paragraph completely contradicts itself. We aren't saying we are going to go out and arm everyone we are just going to allow those already legally able to carry their firearms everywhere else to be able to defend themselves on college campuses. The way the current laws are written only criminals can carry on campus because they don't follow the laws anyways, those that get CWP's are law abiding citizens that are currently defenseless. 	FAVOR
2212	guns	It's 3am. You're done going out for the night, and say goodbye to your friends. You start walking home from the bar/restaurant with your wife. A group of men is approaching you on the dark street. You have your hands. Do you feel safe?Then you remember, you moved to China, you live in Shanghai, a cosmopolitan city with millions of people and no   guns  . Not even the police have guns. Then you realize that the men approaching know you don't have a gun. They rob you and rape your wife, and you were not able to defend yourself. Happens all the time in shanghai, I've been there and witnessesd it. Don't believe the PRC propaganda, it could get you killed.	AGAINST
2213	guns	Its about time   congress   starts allowing us citizens the right to defend our selves!	FAVOR
2214	guns	" If 2nd amendment applied only to militias it would be useless today If the Second Amendment applied only to the collective right of the militia, it would be useless, as no militias exist today in America. It is highly unlikely that the Framers designed an amendment that could expire over time. Instead, their intention was to extend rights to individuals in the Constitution that are lasting. "	FAVOR
2215	guns	"Semi-automatic weapons has not decimated animal populations. People have been using semi-automatic weapons for years and have not caused not making a big dent i game account so we are just balancing the population with using these weapons. "	FAVOR
2216	guns	" Gun control laws do not work since citizens to not comply to them Empirically by studying cities that have  rigorous  gun control laws  the apparent conclusion is that very few people , percentage wise actually comply to these laws.This proves that people lack the willingness to comply which such regulations and controls imposed on gun ownership ."	AGAINST
2217	guns	I recall as a child (way back in the seventies) my parents driving a neighbor and his wife to the airport. They were going on vacation. When his turn came to board the plane he was asked to open his briefcase. When he did, I remember the sense of awe when I saw a holstered .38 special and his policemans badge.Perhaps had someone like him been on those planes on 9-11, thousands of lives would have been saved. 	FAVOR
2218	guns	A militia is NOT a military unit. It is an assembly of men and women designed for point defense until the regular military can arrive. The National Guard is an organized militia but the militia referred to in the context of the Constitution consisted of all able bodies men with arms.You need to go back and study history and understand that the militia is a citizens group with only one purpose. To defend against tyrants and invaders in the event the military is busy elsewhere or the tyrant.An armed private citizen ensures that all the other amendments are not infringed or removed as well. And until you understand that simple concept you will continually be on the defense.	FAVOR
2219	guns	Exactly - Couldn't have said it any better. I think they do make me safer - but that's not the point...	FAVOR
2220	guns	"If ""bear"" was commonly taken in a military sense, ""keep"" should also be considered in military, collective sense. The right of the people is to ""keep and bear arms"". It is difficult to separate ""keep"" and ""bear"" when they are structured in this way. It would appear that they were meant to be read in the same context. If we conclude that ""bear"" likely has a military/militia meaning, then it is logical to take ""keep"" in the same vein. ""Keep"" would then be considered part of the militia's ""keeping"" of weapons, rather than in a more individual, home-storage sense. "	AGAINST
2221	guns	Consider:  The Army was used to kill and break up striking coal miners in the early part of last century in Kentucky.!!!These men surely realized it was countrymen they were shooting at, no??  The fact that only a couple were killed may be due to poor shooting? or just shooting near the target to satisfy the Lt they were shooting??At any rate, it would be hard to assume the Army would NOT attack civilians.  It is the Officers that must decide it is wrong to kill fellow countrymen. Any resistence to the government army must be the guerilla type, just like Iraq. 	FAVOR
2222	guns	Uh, unless you're an American tourist there to see your son-in-law in the Olympics, right?  Oh wait, that was Beijing, and I guess we're just talking about shooting, not all violent   crime  .  Unless you're a Canadian model, right?	FAVOR
2223	guns	Gun control doesn't work. Keeping   guns   from   law   abiding citizens will only help the criminals 	FAVOR
2224	guns	"You're confusing y/our very ""American"" idea of personal and cultural identity to those that are held in ""Eastern"" regions... which are very, very different.Second... if you can't even spell Tse Tung correctly there's actually some question that you know little about what you're actually trying to rebut.    People do not have to be armed to bring about either cultural or political change..... nor do they need arms to prevent it."	AGAINST
2225	guns	"Health is not natural? Or, lack thereof?  Your health is not within realm of your right to life? It is not your general welfare that is not a right?HAAAAA ha ha.  Mr. Richardson, if you think that handguns are your natural right but your  right to life (which is your very health) is not, then you've issues.Sorry, but it is MEN who give ourselves rights. So far as I know, the ""Creator"" has yet to come down and write a constitution, or even a manifesto.  MEN write, men create, and until it is proven... there is no such thing as God-given.  There Are natural rights, but as is evident, it was men who wrote the constitution and it is man who maintains those rights.The natural right to a handgun is non-existent.  It is a created right... and as such can be legislated.  It is an absurd idea to say that because a criminal can break the law (there-by a criminal) then there should be no laws to regulate the non-criminals so they can ""protect"" themselves against the criminals.   What would be the point of laws in the first place?"	AGAINST
2226	guns	"The right of ""the people"" to bear arms meant the right of ""the militia"" to bear arms Oral arguments in DC vs. Heller. Mr. Dellinger - ""[...]MR. DELLINGER: Mr. Chief Justice, I believe that the phrase 'the people' and the phrase 'the militia' were really in -- in sync with each other. You will see references in the debates of, the Federalist Farmer uses the phrase 'the people are the militia, the militia are the people."""	AGAINST
2227	guns	"If you are so well learned, then why is it you do not understand what the 2nd amendment is about. Have you not read the writings of our founding fathers, you know the ones who wrote the constitution. They are clear in their writings, as the outcome of the court has proven, yes I know it was a 5 to 4 vote, the evidence is well layed out have you even bothered to read the courts findings and reasoning.                                                                               Yes Virginia you are well versed in economics as you say you saw the crisis coming, this is the same thing the politicians are now saying and of course it is also what wall street is saying, if you all seen this coming why did not you do something to stop it,sorry I digress.                                                                                 Where are you coming from, we started out at your support of a total ban on hanguns in D.C. now you appear to be ok with the right to own a ""small"" gun as long as it fits in your ""small"" bag. Are you now saying that we the people have the right to own only small handguns that fit into a bag? I'm getting lost.                                                                                           Do you have an issue with the the term ""God"", well that would be ""your Problem.                                                                                         Are you saying that their are no natuarl rights or that we and only ""WE"" give ourselves rights.                                                                                            My point about wall street and politicians is that I and apparently you know that they cannot be trusted to act in the peoples best interest, why would we give up any more rights.                                                                                             As for my reference to your education level I must apologize, that was un called for. But my reference was to your studying of American History and it's Founding Documents and not meant to be derrogatory toward you. "	FAVOR
2228	guns	yes...allowing the youth of america to posess guns, knives, ...perhaps grenades, bombs, etc....is a great way to keep colleges safe!!!! is this for real??? my obvious answer to this question is absolutley not....and if i were a parent and heard that this was allowed...you bet id be knocking on the deans door.....wearing a bullet proof vest of course!	AGAINST
2229	guns	 I think every one should to protect themselves and to use when your hunting!	FAVOR
2230	guns	"You shouldn't use your schools "" gun-free enviroment"" as an argument. It doesn't hold much weight. When I was in school... do you know how many drug deals I saw take place in my school (and took place in...-snicker-)? Did you also know my school was (still is) a drug-free enviroment? It's quite amusing actually.....what comforts people's minds. It's the simple things. You can paint the world whatever color you want. It's still a cruel world. It's still full of thieves and murderers. You can make yourself as vulnerable as you want. I'll make myself as protected as I can."	FAVOR
2231	guns	"""Most robbers are there to steal stuff and get away with it.""  That's true, guess where they can find the jewelry, the most   money  , and   credit cards  .  In your wallet/purse, around your neck and wrist.  If a bad guy is so brazen as to enter a home with an alarm and shot the dog, do you honestly think that's as far as he'll go?  Why not take hostages?  Why not take that pretty little wife, or   god   forbid, that pretty little daughter?  That's a terrible scenario I know but guess what?  You don't have a   firearm   to defend yourself or family.  You are completely at the bad guys mercy.  If he really is a bad guy, then mercy is definitely NOT what you are going to get.  And for your comment on the police?  There's a saying, even amonst the police.  ""When seconds count, the police are only minutes away.""  The Supreme Court has ruled that police aren't required to protect it's citizens.       It is up to the individual to protect themselves.  So sitting in your bedroom ""hoping"" the bad guy(s) will just go about there business then leave.  Well, that's a pipe dream.  As for me personally? I sleep on one side of the house and my   kids   bedrooms are on the other side with the entrances in the middle. God help anybody who tries to keep me from getting to my kids to protect them.I am completely and irreversibly positive   guns   make you safer."	FAVOR
2232	guns	"I don't want a gun and after reading a story about some paranoid who shot his own 3-year old daughter dead through his bedroom door because he was convinced it was a ""buglar"" the thought of guns makes me sick.  I was in Iraq for two years after the Saddam government fell, and every day I saw the result of people using any gun they could get their hands on to defend their ""freedom"" apparently - bus loads of people, killed for nothing.  No thanks.  "	FAVOR
2233	guns	"An assault weapons ban will be subverted by blackmarkets "	FAVOR
2234	guns	"Although its not your idea, i think its still well formed. My dispute is that hunting and other recreational guns should be stored safely in the place where the recreation is taking place. For example, hunting guns should be stored under lock and key at those hunting grounds, then checked out and returned as not to take them home cause harm to non-deer life like humans.As for the topic of self defense, guns should not be used as a common self defense. Why? Lets use a simple example, your walking home in the dark its quite and you think someones following you so have your hand on the gun and keep walking, looking back. Suddenly a car pulls in front of you, startled you naturally turn around and shoot. Theirs no one behind you, but an innocent dead driver in front of you. Its simple ""accidents"" like these account for most deaths. Having something less likely to kill a person, such as a taser, is much safer. Some people may argue that it doesnt do enough damage to defend somone, but taserd stop your muscles from moving, stopping whoever right in their tracks, alive. We should stop using guns for defense like we do, nothing that deadly should be so self conscious."	AGAINST
2235	guns	"With all the other types of self defenise available and the many more being created, i dont think something as barbaric as a good should be the ""fall back defensive."""	AGAINST
2236	guns	I have to agree on a waiting period. It is sad that deaths occured because of it, but without, it ANY nut case cold just walk in a buy a hand gun. Yes, I know that a person can buy a long gun without waiting 	FAVOR
2237	guns	The Second Amendment is about prohibiting the Government from restricting the Citizens Rights.  Has nothing to do with type of guns.  The guns the Founders used were the most advanced types of their day and Citizens could and did, own all of them, up to and including cannon and warships.	FAVOR
2238	guns	"Why would the framers be so misleading as to conflate ""keep"" with ""upkeep""? If we are to read ""keep"" as meaning ""upkeep"" or maintain in the 2nd Amendment, we are, to some extent, accusing the framers of being highly misleading. The common meaning of ""keep"" at the time was not ""clean"" and ""maintain"", but possess and store. Why would the framers choose to be so misleading? It seems highly unlikely that they would.  "	FAVOR
2239	guns	"StriveforYourDreams-Your argument is based alot on the potential for things to happen, rather than what th reality of a situation may be.  Yes, guns ""can"" misfire and someone ""can"" accidentally pull the triggen, but can you also consider the fact that a gun also has the potential to never misfire at all, or that a person handling a firearm has the repsonsibility and the expertise to never accidentally pull the trigger.  In your response, I see doubt in society and the potential good of everyday people.  As with anything, there is bad aspects, but you are failing to see what is good.  There are plenty of law abiding citizens that have the responsbility and the ability to carry a concealed firearm.  Also, you are placing blame on controlled substances, rather on firearms themselves.  Ultimately it is the fault of an individual, not the firearm that they carry or the drugs that they take.  When you talk about the potential for misfire.  I have been a hunter for 7 years, and all my time spent around firearms, I have never had a gun misfire or hangfire on me.  "	FAVOR
2240	guns	 We do have that right, and it's good for self defense, hunting (for those who do), and to deter potential crimes.	FAVOR
2241	guns	"....I don't think people have a ""right"" to guns.   A natural ""right"" is the right to eat, breathe, walk about, choose the direction of one's life, reproduce (unfortunately), etc.  Rights Are granted to us by the government.   I, however, don't think that people automatically have ""rights"" to own guns for it implies that people are automatically responsible.  I would say anyone with a brain should know that, but since the nation's in the middle of a crisis that anyone with a brain should have seen coming, I guess anyone with a brain Should know that... just ignores it or rationalizes it away."	AGAINST
2242	guns	Accidental injury and/or death from a handgun usually is the result of improper handling.  Quite frankly, if you are handling a firearm and not using the standard safety techniques, you're asking for trouble.The gross majority of legitimate gun owners respect the potential of their weapons, and things like that don't happen.  The few who don't, however, are the ones who make the news for being stupid.  I'd rather not be lumped in with them.  I know what I'm doing with mine.In real life, having a handgun DOES help.  There have been many stories of defense from a handgun that would not be afforded by any other means.  I just read an article about a man who was stalking a woman for over a year.  She bought a gun.  He broke in.  She called 911 and hid in her bedroom, and he broke down the door.  He then tried to strangle her, and then HIS funeral was planned for that weekend.  Without the gun, it would have been hers.As for the right to own a handgun, that will never   change  .  Or, better yet, if it does, it will very literally cause an armed rebellion.  The whole purpose of the   second amendment   was to protect us against the tyranny that government can bring.  It is the last defense of the people against the government.  Take that away, and the second American revolution starts.  	FAVOR
2243	guns	 If EVERYONE carried guns, people would shoot each other all the time	AGAINST
2244	guns	Many suicide attempts are not really meant to end a life, rather they are a call for help. These people typically don't pick a reliable method.  Most people who pick a gun mean to die--If a firearm were not easily available, they would pick another effective method.  Another aspect of this is a fairly significant difference in philosophy, separate from the gun issue--Self-reliance vs. dependence on authority.  The idea that because I may harm myself I should be prevented from doing something reinforces dependence.  Letting me judge the risks myself and make my own decisions is self-reliance. 	FAVOR
2245	guns	Right to bear arms- second amendment of the constitution. weapons are used for many reasons these days. some use weapons for sport some use them for looks some use them for fun. although some people have killed people with guns also we shouldnt take our constitutional rights away do to a few mentally psychotic or duranged people	FAVOR
2246	guns	 I would have to insist that it be like a driverÃ¢Â€Â™s license where you are required to demonstrate a certain level of proficiency and knowledge of safety protocol. And if you are proven to be unequal to the responsibility you loose you license.	FAVOR
2247	guns	no if you have a guns license	FAVOR
2248	guns	I'm going to go ahead and make a generalization about delinquent gun use, stealing it from home or wherever,     drug     and     alcohol     abuse, low test scores, promiscuous pre-marital sex, etc etc etc. Where are     mom     and dad in all this? Maybe working their butts off to pay the huge mortgage, three cars, and snowmobiles up to their eyes in     debt    . That's just one reason. The home is losing it's place as a priority in peoples lives. Crime goes up, the NEED for a gun to defend yourself also rises too. Why don't we let     guns     alone until we can lower the divorce rate eh?	FAVOR
2249	guns	"The 2nd amendment protects the ability to form a militia not the ongoing existence of one  Militias are relevant today as a symbol of preventing tyranny. Historically, the militia that resisted the British was a non state managed association of people that were fighting against tyranny. The wording of the second amendment preserves the spirit of that time and therefore the word ""militia"" can be relevant to nowadays as a symbol of the right of people to fight against tyranny.In this way the spirit of the time is reflected in the letter of the law."	FAVOR
2250	guns	"True there are other alternatives for students the best and most powerful is situational awareness which includes paying attention to your surroundings and the people close to you. Staying out of a confrontation is always the best solution. But you must remember once you are in a confrontation to be able to use any of the solutions you advised you would have to be very very close as in within armÃ•s reach which could be too close. Even if you are trained in self defense you still need to be very close when the attack happens, be on steady ground with firm footing, not have anything between yourself and the attacker, and be able for a short time overpower your attacker. If you are that close you risk much more injury to yourself as much as injury to your attacker. Why is it when you draw a firearm the person would overpower and disarm you but you fail to mention that is much more likely when you have to get close as with the weapons you advised. I have taken some of these classes because the last thing I ever want to do is fire on another human being, I am well aware that a gun is not the end all solution to every problem but it is the most powerful last resort and average person can carry. Also it should be noted that pepper spray effects everyone differently and it doesn't always work. I do carry it in my car and in doing so I have been hit with it before to make sure I can still see if I ever have to deploy it close to myself and form personal experience it didn't have that much effect on me other than make me very angry and agitated not immobilized by any means. Also what makes a security officer more highly trained that an average citizen with a concealed weapons permit (cwp)? In most states the same class is required for both licenses. I would also like to know where you got the stat that average citizens are more likely to ""irrationally or accidentally"" shoot an innocent person when according to the GOA fact sheet(    )only 2 percent of civilian shootings involve an innocent person being mistaken for a criminal but the error rate for police is more than 11% thats more than 5 times the civilian rate. Your possibility of ""everyone carrying a gun"" is also not even close to the average in shall issue states is that there is one person out of a hundred who carries a firearm for self defense. This means there might be one in your class or possibly one on your dorm hall. I would also like to know what state you live in because I don't see people getting scared when people carry concealed weapons in malls, grocery stores, restaurants, or movie theaters. Why would allowing law abiding citizens their right to carry on campuses be any different?  Also if a student is arrested twice a month as you put it they would not pass the background check necessary to obtain a cwp in most states.  "	FAVOR
2251	guns	fuckk the gayys . faggets are ugly . lez have no hair !because they die it to much . and gay people are retarted . silly faggets dick ar for chicks	FAVOR
2252	guns	where are your statistics? if there were such incidents, the media would be all over it.	FAVOR
2253	guns	I posted this on a similar debate and i believe it clearly shows my views:I agree that one should have the right to own arms but i do not believe on has to use violence to obtain their wildest gun dreams. if one wants to own a gun i have no qualms with them but if they wish to own guns such as a AK47 and AK74u they should be dealt with in a more civilized manner to protect the people. A hunting rifle is fine, a pistol is fine, an automatic or assault rifle is over doing it specially since the only reason an American needs a gun such as a rifle is for hunting. I am not saying all guns are for hunting a pistol may be used for self defense, But only as a Deterrence to violence.	FAVOR
2254	guns	" Many US Constitution framers emphasized only a collective, militia-based right to bear arms James Madison, Alexander Hamilton, John Adams, and other Federalists were largely opposed to a individual right to bear arms on the basis that a powerful, centralized government was important. This government was likely to be more stable if individuals did not bear arms."	AGAINST
2255	guns	 Stupid American....if no one had guns it would be safer	AGAINST
2256	guns	"Hunting isn't allowed in   national parks  , so that's not it.  I think the reason people want to be able to carry loaded   guns   in national parks is because they think it's their ""  god  ""-given right to carry a loaded gun at any time, anywhere.Needed? No.Allowed? How come?  And please don't tell me it's your right to carry a loaded gun, we already know that.  REALLY answer the question: how come you feel the need to have a loaded gun by your side all the time?  Are you that fearful for your well-being?  If so, how come?I'm a single woman who lives alone in a large metropolitan area.  I don't own or carry a gun, and I don't feel the need to do so.  I guess I just don't afraid.  If someone wants to kill me or break into my home, they're going to do so whether or not I have a gun.  So what's the point of me having a gun?  Please, somebody convince me that it would be wise for me to have a gun."	AGAINST
2257	guns	How about Teachers/Student's can apply for a concealed weapon's license on school grounds from that point they go  through a scanning that checks criminal record, family history, and mental stability. If they pass the screening then they go to a week long   gun control  /safety course. That way it reduces the risk of gang members or mentally insane people being able to carry a gun on campus. Maybe 1/4 of student population and 1/2 of teacher/staff population is able to carry a weapon on campus?	FAVOR
2258	guns	"What backs up LAW in general, is the force behind that law...Did you hear that ??The force...We the people MUST maintain the force, or we are of NO effect...Voice & reason mean nothing to some people ,& of late especially those in power...Those in power have arsenals of far more devistating potential, at their disposal...More power than anything I own...The U.S. Constitution was written by the people ,for the people & the Government is upon the peoples' heads, or in other words, of those representatives of the people...IF that head gets out of control it is the people who must defend their own LAW, as to when the head has breached the (peoples'LAW)....Basicly our fathers did not trust human nature in government or they would not have had to draft & impliment the Constitution....The very foundation & beliefs placed in trust to the citizens, are those presented to our government officials in the form of the U.S. CONSTITUTION...The peoples' intent & the formation of a NEW independant NATION founded on these premises, the right of the individual, sometimes supperceeds ,the right of the majority or that of the ""STATE"" ....IT is called a REPUBLIC...Pledge alliegence To the flag & to the REPUBLIC for which that flag stands....DO you hear me ????Yes voteing is one form of control but when ""tyranny"" takes over ,citizens must be in control, to reimpliment the RULE of law,that law being the U.S. CONSTITUTION.....End of story"	FAVOR
2259	guns	Access to guns may increase the likelihood that a committed suicidal person will choose that method over another, but it does not affect the suicide rate over all.  An example is Japan, where the rate of gun ownership is less than 1% but the suicide rate per 100,000 population in 2005 was more than double that of the US.Source:  World Health Organization        	FAVOR
2260	guns	So the robber breaks in, shoots your dog, you're unarmed; now what?	FAVOR
2261	guns	 F the bill of rights but yes, gunsssssss =D  /   /> It doesn't cause crime	FAVOR
2262	guns	 Every smart person should have a gun. Too many stupid people do. If more smart people had guns, more stupid people would be dead or in jail, and our lives would be better.	FAVOR
2263	guns	"QUOTEIn March 1982, 25 years ago, the small town of Kennesaw Ã responding to a handgun ban in Morton Grove, Ill. Ã unanimously passed an ordinance requiring each head of household to own and maintain a gun. Since then, despite dire predictions of ""Wild West"" showdowns and increased violence and accidents, not a single resident has been involved in a fatal shooting Ã as a victim, attacker or defender.    "	FAVOR
2264	guns	"There is a difference between a gun death and a gun crime.  If an innocent woman is raped, there is neither gun death nor gun crime.  If an innocent woman defends herself from a would-be rapist with a firearm, you have a gun death, but not a gun crime.  If a gangbanger shoots somebody for their shoes, you now have a gun death and a gun crime.  Gun deaths are not a good way to show the ""collateral damage"" of the evil ""American gun culture,"" because, quite frankly, I don't care if a rapist gets shot.  In fact, it makes me glad to know that he is not going to hurt anyone else.  It would be interesting to see a similar study on gun crime, as opposed to gun deaths, and also on crime in general.  There is not better reason not to break into a house than that the owner could be home and armed."	FAVOR
2265	guns	"""That's why it's the last line of defense.""That's exactly my point.  A firearm is and should be your last line of defense.  Say you have an alarm, and they get through without tripping it, which really isn't as hard as it sounds, the dog starts barking, so they shoot it, so you pick up the phone to dial 9-11, to find that they've cut the phone line, and now you're up there with no way to defend yourself and the knowledge that someone down there has a gun.  That dog barking would have been enough to alert you to the presence of an intruder, allowed you to open your double locked safes and closets, which to me seems a bit excessive, but I digress, and taken care of the problem.  If someone is good enough to get past the dog, you are screwed, plain and simple, but I don't think even a ninja could get past the dog without making some noise.  Like I said before, there is nothing wrong with having an alarm, a dog, and a gun.Also, you have mentioned yourself that you hunt.  That is a measure of safety.  If a natural disaster were to strike, and you were placed in a New Orleans type situation, you have the tools to acquire food and defend your home from looters.  That is a part of safety.  "	FAVOR
2266	guns	As in, the those things you can wave around when you're dancing that your hands attach to.	AGAINST
2267	guns	So now we're asked to believe that having students on campus with guns will make campus life safer?  Hey, isn't the Tooth Fairy real?Aren't campuses those places where young adults regularly get drunk playing beer pong?  Where students often experiment with drugs for the first time?  These would mix wonderfully with guns don't you think?	AGAINST
2268	guns	I thought state rights and slavery were the primary causes of the Civil War-not the abolishment of a militia!  You got me there!  I thought militias were replaced over time by the state national guard?  The people were encouraged during the Revolutionary War to volunteer and help fight against the British.  The   congress   which is the people's house, made a decision after we won our independence to abolish the militia!  You conservatives are always railing against the government-but if any of your cherished benefits are cut you people are the first to complain!  The government has done an incredible job in taking care of us over the years!  The Tennessee Valley Authority brought   jobs   and electricity to the south during the Depression and helped improve these people's standard of living!  Worker's safety,   food   safety, the National Cancer Institute, the US Post Office, AMTRACK, and The Deal, during Roosevelt's time, are just few examples that government got it right! I was probably overboard in my comments about   gun control   but I get so fed up by all these lunatics on the right who always criticize the government but never have any feasible alternatives!  I'm not calling you a lunatic mike1948!  I guess   guns   are a unique, sacred right here and nowhere else!  	AGAINST
2269	guns	Why do you want to take my weaponry ??  My conflict is not only with my Represetntatives but also with neighbors like YOU...What are you afraid of from me ,I do not flaunt my gun in your face...I do not use my gun illegally...Why are you so eager to throw away your forefathers experience & knowledge about how government can put you into servitude..Your government just passed a record financial debt on you ,placing you & your children into servitude...Maybe you have a self destructive nature to want us all to become defenceless...I can't help you perpatrate that which I believe to be a fudamental mistake on my part or on societys' part... SORRY...	FAVOR
2270	guns	" Where does it say"" Sorry, you can't protect yourself within the boundaries of any national park""?  If you look at the  way Obama and his henchmen are throwing away   money  , and the way the people are responding by buying up all the weapons and ammunition they can afford, Guns in parks is just the beginning movement that the american people are starting with.  We got a guy in the white house with a gift for gab, but he won't keep fooling people for long. "	FAVOR
2271	guns	" An individual right to bear arms cannot be absolute This argument is simply here to remind the reader that no individual right is unfettered and absolute. Reasonable regulations can be placed on an individual right to bear arms. This argument can go both ways in making an individual right to bear arms more moderate, and subsequently more tolerable to both sides in the debate. "	AGAINST
2272	guns	"In the past, on numerous occasions, I have heard the argument presented that we donÃ•t need   firearms   to protect ourselves from a tyrannical government because our government, the federal government of the United States would never turn against us.I have heard it said that gun owners are paranoid to believe that our federal government would turn against us.Well, I have to say that now our so-called paranoia has been justified.I believe it is safe to say that the federal government has officially become the tyrannical government that we warned about.The Department of Homeland Security, Office of Intelligence and Analysis has put out a report, titled ""Rightwing Extremism: Current Economic and Political Climate Fueling Resurgence in Radicalization and Recruitment,"" which, I dare say, defines half of the country as radical extremists whose activity must be monitored to ensure the safety of the country.After all the condemnations from the socialist liberals on the left about government spying on citizens of the United States, these same socialists, now in power, are using that very power to spy on citizens of the United States. And weÃ•re not talking about naturalized people, weÃ•re talking about Americans born and raised here. WeÃ•re talking about people who have sacrificed in the military to defend our freedom.We now have the most liberal, socialist person ever in the White House. Congress is controlled by socialist liberals and they intend to make the most of it.If you support the Constitution and the Bill of Rights of the United States, including the 1st, 2nd and 10th Amendments; if you object to an ever growing out of control government; if you have conservative or libertarian beliefs on certain social issues, you may consider yourself to be a radical extremist."	FAVOR
2273	guns	" Assault weapons are superior for self defense Revolver pistols typically hold 6 rounds. It is significant possibility that a person defending themselves from robbers or assailants would need more than 6 rounds, particularly if there are two or three of them. Yet, re-loading a revolver is time consuming and not a good situation to be in the face of attackers. "	FAVOR
2274	guns	"The right to keep and bear arms must be an individual right. It is commonplace for people to argue against the individual right concept by separating the two phrases of the Second Amendment so that Ã’the peopleÃ“ can then be interpreted to be some collective group such as a state sponsored and run militia. However, if one reads the Bill of Rights starting with the First Amendment, skips the Second Amendment, and reads the remainder, you will see that all of the rights guaranteed are specifically aimed at preventing abuse of the rights of individuals. It would be quite a stretch to imagine the founding fathers would write a document that starts out defining an individual right to freedom of religion, speech, press and assembly; next defines a right that is only collective to a specific group (the militia) and then reverts back to defining the rights of individuals to not have troops quartered in their homes or be subject to unreasonable search and seizure of property.  Therefore it can only be concluded that the right to keep and bear arms is a right secured to the individual citizen."	FAVOR
2275	guns	" An assault weapons ban violates the presumption of innocence "	FAVOR
2276	guns	"Your side sounds more ""against gun control"". Responsible people, in my opinion, are the ones who have been trained and are armed with guns under government authorization. Which is quite rarely an average american citizen. You state, ""but theres some people who use them for the wrong reason and that is what makes little familys cry because there loved one was gunned down by a horable person ;((((((((((("". That quote is much more for the ""against side"" and hurts your arugment"	AGAINST
2277	guns	"The Proper Handling And Use of Weapons - Man's ultimate tool, with a capacity for good and evil almost beyond comprehension, is the ultimate test of maturity and, indeed, wisdom. - AnonymousFrom the time you pick up a firearm, you become a part of a system over which you have complete control. You are the only part of the system that can make a gun safe or unsafe.A firearm is only an instrument. It contains no evil, no conscience, and no ability. It is strictly the intent , competence, and character of its user that decides the outcome of any and all actions taken with it.Remember: no gun can be made accident-proof. A gun is just a machine, with no judgment of its own. It responds to your actions, whether wise or foolish. The only truly effective safety device is the mind of a cautious person who never forgets that a moment's carelessness can produce permanent tragedy.I am a huge believer in the second amendment. I work at a Gun store and I've seen and heard the stories from customers who have been robbed as well as the managers who have been held up. Guns prevent crimes and If you talk to anyone where I work theyll tell you them same. We've seen people come in the store and try to ""check,"" us out and once they saw all the employees carrying weapons they decided it wasnt a good place to try and rob."	FAVOR
2278	guns	"How many gun homicides in the US each year?  A lot How many out of those, were cases for which the victim was known to the assailant?  A lotWhat was the usual cause?  Domestic dispute, somebody picks up the known gun in the house and settles the argument right awayOther common scenarios?  Teen in the house knows where the gun is, gets it out, uses it for his/her means of ""problem solving""  99% of   guns   REGISTERED out there might not be used against somebody, but there are an awful lot of guns out there that nobody, um, ""took the time"" to ""register the item with   police  .""  A nurse I knew at I hospital I worked in as a kid carried a gun in her purse.  She felt safe.  An assailant either knew or guessed she was armed, he hid behind a corner near her apartment, hit her over the head as she walked by.  So, the world of criminals added one gun to their stockpile and it's lucky she wasn't killed for God's sake "	FAVOR
2279	guns	Alcohol increases the risk of violence in the home far more than   guns   and has been do so long before guns were invented.  So if you are interested in public welfare, go after   alcohol  ,   AIDS  , tobacco and a host of others that all create problems.  Gun ownership solves problems and any responsible gun owner does not leave guns around for   kids  .In the Boy Scouts I was taught gun safety long before I pulled my first trigger.  Let's try some of that instead of a disproportionate fanatic anti-gun hate trip. 	FAVOR
2280	guns	" A handgun ban serves to weaken US military preparedness Handguns are an important part of combat. Training in the use of handguns, therefore, is important to the combat readiness of individuals. It is also true that individual handgun owners, whom take handguns to gun ranges and become familiar with them, acquire training and experience in the use of their weapon. The civilian possession of handguns, therefore, increases training that could be useful to the military in the event of a draft. In so far as this is true, any reduction in the ability of citizens to own, use, and train with handguns will reduce the battle readiness of the military."	FAVOR
2281	guns	People should have the right to bear arms. If guns were to be banned, people would still have them in their homes and on the streets. Its just how things work. Some people say that taking away the right to bear arms will decrease crime rate, but when the righs is taken away, more damage will be done due to lack of self defense. We dont want that !	FAVOR
2282	guns	"""[college students] are not subject to impulsive reactions.""this is demonstrably false. "	AGAINST
2283	guns	Hi LargerHead: I took ur   advice   and looked at 'pocket-pieces' I cud useand which wud fit in my shorts side pockets. The 2 reasons I originallypreferred either an M1 or M94 carbine were: 1. I can hit something far-ther away than with a handgun. 2. I have more chances to keep it/him from getting closer--10/15/30 chances!.. My 3 handgun choices are: 1.Walther PP/PPK German   police   mini-pistol [9mm/.380ACP or 7.65mm/.320ACP]7-8 rounds, each...2. Walther P38/P1/P4 German WW II Army replacement of'08 Lugar Parabellum and post-war Bundeswehr/Landespolizei [9mm/.380ACP]pistol from '57-late 90s...3. S&W 'Lady Smith compact, 5-shot [.38/9mm/.357Mag] FBI/policewomans' piece [easy to conceal/draw...Following uradvice, I wud practice both 'stand-n-extended arm' [match-position] and'crouch-n-point' [FBI/cop-position]. If I had two pistols [one in eachpocket, I cud 'trick-shoot' by firing one, then transferring to the ot-her for 10/13/16 shots--bound to git it/him at least once or twice?.. Iwud keep my trusty carbine nearby, too for 10/15/30 more shots..Aaron..	FAVOR
2284	guns	"""As far as I am concerned, people who apply for gun permits - have already failed a psychological stability test, for wanting a gun in the first place.""Nothing says reasoned debate like accusing those who disagree with you of being mentally unstable. And as far as   guns   not making you any safer, I believe 1.5 million people per year would disagree with you. That's the number of defensive uses of   firearms   there are. And 99% of them end without a single shot being fired. Can you please explain to me how those people weren't safer with their guns? Can you also explain to the wife of an acquaintance of mine who just last week stopped a guy from carjacking her by pulling her sidearm how she was made LESS safe by having that firearm with her?Are you going to use facts or just unfounded emotion in your arguments? Because if you want to use facts, they are going to work against you in this case. "	FAVOR
2285	guns	What evidence do you have that black crimes were taken out of the gun violence figures, the United States would have one of the lowest rates of gun violence? Here is evidence of gun deaths in a number of countries:The gun-related deaths per 100,000 people in 1994 by country were as follows:U.S.A. 14.24Northern Ireland 6.63Finland 6.46Switzerland 5.31France 5.15Canada 4.31Norway 3.82Austria 3.70Portugal 3.20Israel 2.91Belgium 2.90Australia 2.65Slovenia 2.60Italy 2.44New Zealand 2.38Denmark 2.09Sweden 1.92Kuwait 1.84Greece 1.29Germany 1.24Hungary 1.11Ireland 0.97Spain 0.78Netherlands 0.70Scotland 0.54England and Wales 0.41Taiwan 0.37Singapore 0.21Mauritius 0.19Hong Kong 0.14South Korea 0.12Japan 0.05My source:      Now where is your source to back up your claim?	AGAINST
2286	guns	Reasons   gun control   doesn't work:1. Criminals by definition break   the law  . 2. Criminals get   guns   from family or friends, not   gun shows   or gun stores.3. Preventing   law  -abiding citizens from attaining guns will only help criminals by keeping guns away from law-abiding citizens.	FAVOR
2287	guns	" An individual right to bear arms helps protect against domestic tyranny The main intent of the Second Amendment of the constitution was to protect against domestic tyranny. An unfettered individual right to bear arms helps do so, by raising the potential costs to the government of engaging in tyrannical behavior. And, more to the point, it makes it possible for citizens to form a militia, as citizen gun-ownership is necessary to achieve this."	FAVOR
2288	guns	 Guns don't kill people, people kill people.	FAVOR
2289	guns	I live I thought in the same country as you-I experience alot of freedom everyday including giving my opinions openly!  I know my views are definately in the minority but that doesn't bother!  I like a good and civil debate on just about any issue! I do take back what I said earlier about the government restricting the sales of   guns   to 2 per family!  Hunters and sportsmen in general, are   law   obedient, responsible gun owners-I don't really have a problem with them at all!I count you as one of them because I realize I struck a raw nerve with you especially, and I'm sure your an avid hunter and responsible!	AGAINST
2290	guns	"In modern America, the right to bear arms still helps check government power In the modern day, the importance of checking a tyrannical government remains important and relevant, even if the prospect of a citizen militia overthrowing the United States military is now effectively out of reach. There are numerous ways in which an armed citizen can check government power:"	FAVOR
2291	guns	I totally agree with the argument that guns make you safer.  They are perfectly safe in the hands of responsible, law-abiding citizens.  I disagree with handgun bans because the only thing they do is give criminals an advantage by taking away the right of citizens to protect themselves.	FAVOR
2292	guns	I served 21+ years. The military will follow orders form others who are following orders. Even from a CIC who o;pposes the   constitution  ....  So, keep your powder dry.	FAVOR
2293	guns	 If guns weren't so freely available in the US then there wouldn't be so many people getting shot.  That is fairly obvious to us Brits.	AGAINST
2294	guns	"""Peace comes through laws""? Come on. There are hundreds of laws on the books regarding   guns  , yet they do not prevent gun crimes from happening. In contrast, gun ownership in this country is at an all time high. In 1986, only six states allowed you to carry a gun. Today 48 allow at least limited carry, with about 40 allowing most   law  -abiding citizens to carry. And   murder   rates are at a 35 year low. And there are over 4,000 defensive uses of   firearms   every day in this country, so the reality doesn't match your implication that guns don't protect you. "	FAVOR
2295	guns	I'll assume for arguements sake, that you are correct that Lincoln nationalized the state militias-I would to when these states are about to go to war against the union!  Virginia succeeded just as quickly as the rest of the south except in the western area of Virginia which was anti-slavery and becamed West Virginia in 1863. Not sure what your point was other that you think people have the right to own   guns  ! As a true pacifist, I would be horrified at huge numbers of guns that are sold to people and the carnage from these guns perpetrated onto socieity!  Drive by shootings, school shootings where   kids   are senselessly murdered.  Go to any urban hospital and talk to   doctors   in the emergency rooms, and they will tell you about victims who were shot! Urban warfare exists in many of our cities due in part, to the proliferation of guns and the easy access to get them.  But the NRA has always been against background checks, or any common sense measures to make sure that guns don't get in the wrong hands!  The 2 kids at Columbine High School stole their guns from one of the gunmen's grandfather and then massacred all those innocent people!  Hunters and sportsmen are fine as long as they keep their arsenal secured and out of the reach of minors!  Of course, I still don't think you need a machine gun or a AK-47 to go out and kill bambi either! 	AGAINST
2296	guns	"You're thinking about it wrong. I'm not advocating blowing away everyone who might be threatening. If someone can be brought down without permanently hurting them, while also keeping the person who is being threatened safe, that's fine by me. I'm not advocating the police blowing away every whackjob with a knife or a pipe. What I am saying is that if someone has a gun, and is threatening to shoot someone with it, or has already shot someone, trying to use less-than-lethal methods to neutralize him isn't a good idea. To put it simply, a gun is the best way to make bad guys go away. There is no room to be fumbling with a beanbag shotgun when someone is executing people. Take Virginia Tech for example. The shooter was going from classroom to classroom shooting people, ""execution-style"", as the media likes to call it. In this case, trying to get rid of him without hurting or killing him would just allow him to kill more people, while the police try to taser him. Back to the self-defense issue - pepper spray and tasers are for the drunk guy from the bar getting a little too friendly. Not for people who are trying to kill you. Again, I'm not advocating replacing pepper spray with a gun. Pepper spray has it's purpose - and so does a gun. If someone is trying to kill you, you want to get rid of the threat as quickly as possible. Less-lethal options will never be as effective as a gun for this purpose. My main point is that while we should always value human life, we shouldn't be so caught up with it that we allow others, or ourselves, to harmed as a result of our inability to take decisiveaction. "	FAVOR
2297	guns	" No US citizens are in a militia and so none have a right to keep and bear arms The purpose of the Second Amendment - being defined by the ""militia"" clause (""A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free State"") - is related to the upkeep of the militia. Rights are offered to citizens only in so far as they might enable the upkeep of the militia. Yet, no US citizens are currently in a ""well regulated militia"". Therefore, there is not present context in which citizens would have the ""right to keep and bear arms""; there is no militia in which that context would exist."	AGAINST
2298	guns	" I defiantly think that all persons should be able to carry fire arms (one word or two ? ) I think there should be exceptions for those that have used fire arms in the commission of a violent crime.   />   /> Overall, I think that a community should let the public know that they are armed and have some sort of self policing system to deal with crime in that particular area. IE. Ted robs Glen of $500 at gunpoint, Glen calls a number that alerts local area residents, those local residents, who are ""on call"" respond and track down Ted. Ted is himself held at gunpoint until LEO can arrive.   />   /> In a short time the word would get out and there would be little incentive for criminal behavior in such areas.    />   /> This would also enforce another idea; the government should be afraid of the people. If the people are afraid of the government, then that is tyranny.   />   /> Keep free speech, keep the second amendment, and keep the ideas of freedom and liberty alive.  />   /> Http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/tyranny  /> "	FAVOR
2299	guns	 I'm sorry...this has got to be one of the stupidest arguments ever...even if you have to have a license, u think everyone will get one, no...and if you do have to get a license, u think the cops then would check everyone who has a gun's license, no..because its like driving, u see someone driving they are assumed to have a license...  /> If you want to carry a gun, become a cop..	AGAINST
2300	guns	"well if guns were banned stupid people would not be able to get the guns and kill the other people.Yeah, maybe you did not see when you wrote the ""stupid people WITH"" part. ban the damn things ban them all."	AGAINST
2301	guns	come on Betty, not everyone in Kentucky puts on camo and watches NASCAR. = ) 	FAVOR
2302	guns	"You seem to confuse a fact with the truth. All a fact is is a piece of data. One must consider the nature of the data before one can proclaim it supports an underlying truth. Let us do so with your facts, even though I see not a single source for them.""Each time a gun is used in a legally-justifiable shooting in a home, there are 22 unintentional, criminal, and suicide-related shootings.""In order to have this 'fact', such as it is, support the underlying truth that guns are bad, we must accept three things. The first is that a legally justified shooting is the valid measure to use when making a cost/benefit analysis of them. It is not, because of the simple fact that a law abiding citizen who brandishes his gun in self defense is much less likely to fire in the first place because his objective is to drive the aggressor off which many times will not require an actual discharge of the weapon. The second is that suicides are a valid statistic to include in this debate. As I noted earlier they really aren't. The third is that we must accept the fact's definition of legally-justified shooting. Given that in Chicago, if the shooting is done with the handgun it cannot be legally justifiable, we see that this is a very sloppy 'fact' indeed.""Having a gun in the home increases the risk of suicide fivefold.""Just from reading this statistic I can with 99% certainty guarantee that the study that came up with it is neither scientifically valid or reliable. Firstly, the study certainly does not control for legal or illegal gun ownership. Secondly, the study does not control for illegal drug use on behalf of the suicide. Thirdly and finally, the statistic does not even control with whether the suicide was committed with the gun or not.""Having a gun in the home triples the risk of homicide in the home.""Again, this statistic certainly does not control for legal or illegal gun ownership. Neither does it control for method of homicide."	FAVOR
2303	guns	"Nicholas Dixon, from Ã’Why We Should Ban Handguns in the United States,Ã“ Public Law Review (1993)"	AGAINST
2304	guns	" The second clause of the 2nd Amendment is broader than the first The 2nd clause of the 2nd Amendment, which relates to the ""right of the people to keep and bear arms"" (for individual purposes such as self defense), is more important than the first clause, which emphasizes the militia-benefits of a right to bear arms. This interpretation is born out by a historical interpretation of the demands of this past era, in which many individuals owned guns that were not eligible for service in the militia and yet who owned guns and needed to use them for various purposes."	FAVOR
2305	guns	I am a   military   man (retired)   guns   have never killed unless used by a person. Outside the line of duty I have used a weapon two times. NEVER fired it, just seeing that the opposition was armed stopped both attempted assaults. I have a half century in military and /or   law   enforcement and strongly favor Americans having and being trained to use   firearms   for self protection.      Please think logically, most LEO's never have to fire their weapons in the line of duty. There is a reason for this, the criminal knows he WILL use the weapon and he will use it fairly well. The average criminal will prefer to surrender when he realizes he is facing someone trained and willing to use lethal force.	FAVOR
2306	guns	The Brady Campaign is anti-Constitution and anti-American.It shouldn't be allowed to exist.The same is true of the deceptively-named Freedom States Alliance.But in America, even a traitorous organization has a right to exist.Just like I have a right to   firearms   anywhere I want.So deal with it.	FAVOR
2307	guns	"This argument has a good point.  While the idea of keeping a concealed gun at college may seem like a logical way to protect oneself from assaulters, it is actually true that this is still very dangerous.  As this article discusses, there is a chance that the weapon can be shot accidently or shot while unknowingly still holding ammo.  Even the purchasers of these guns may not be fully aware as to how to use them properly.  The owners of these weapons may be scared young adults choosing to keep one just in case, a desperate way to keep themselves safe which in reality is puts not only jeopardizes their own health, but the health of those around them as well.  These risks are not worth someone's life; as the article clearly states, ""If there are no guns on campus, these types of accidents [as in gun shootings] cannot occur."""	AGAINST
2308	guns	"They all got those   guns   from Charles Montgomery. He sometimes works as a   food   prepareer at   schools   or a janitor. He uses different aliases. My scenario is just as made up and unfounded as yours. BTW many prominent government leaders agree with ""Only government officials, such as the   police  , should carry guns."", Hilter for example."	FAVOR
2309	guns	"Since other gun classes have been banned, so too can handguns for reasonable ends. There is a precedent for banning citizens from purchasing specific gun classes, such as fully-automatic weapons and heavy weaponry such as grenades and bazookas. It is, therefore, not reasonable to argue that it is unconstitutional to ban a class of arms such as handguns; it has already been done and is not disputed in many cases (such as with bazookas). The question, therefore, is simply whether banning handguns fits the reasonableness standard in the District of Columbia."	AGAINST
2310	guns	 No, I don't agree. The number of people killed by guns in the United Kingdom last year was unbelievable. I can understand why people would want to carry them for self-defense, but I believe this would lead to further problems. Guns are dangerous weapons and in my opinion they should be banned. I even disagree with hunting rifles, as these too are dangerous.   />   /> No one should own a gun. Messing around with guns can lead to serious accidents and using them in self-defense could also lead to tragic consequences. If guns didn't cause harm then I would say that everyone has the right to own them, but since they are so dangerous and so many innocent lives have been lost to them, I say that they should be banned altogether.	AGAINST
2311	guns	I served my three years in Israel, so I don't know how the states's armies work but this seems to me a logical difficulty. A militia should be under government control--if it's just a bunch of people getting together without government oversight, it's probably not a militia. It's a bunch of armed people. And I'm fine with militias, but it seems like an awful lot of people on here--and maybe this is a poor extrapolation, but possibly an awful lot of gun owners--take a lot of pride in the fact that the reason they own   guns   is to..destroy the government if need be. So can those people be members of a militia? Are they just lone nuts--or a large collection of lone nuts? Mob nuts? Has the US government just done an incredibly poor job vetting?	AGAINST
2312	guns	 Last time I checked, the Swiss had a higher rate of gun ownership than we here in the States and they enjoy one of the lowest gun related crime rates in the world.	FAVOR
2313	guns	"College students don't drink beer in class and won't kill each other for reaching for a pen.  This is about preventing incidents like Virginia Tech and Columbine.  Had a single person been allowed to defend themselves (or had the cops actually done something) the victims would still be alive.  Keeping   guns   off campus won't prevent these incidents because killers will not follow the rules anyway. ""Gun-free Zones"" only protect the killers by disarming their prey.  Even if you can prevent people from taking guns to a frat party, there will still be knives, beer bottles, screwdrivers and baseball bats.  The point is that if someone has an intent to harm or kill you, they will find a way to do it.  I have seen someone nearly get stabbed at a party and I have seen a golf club pulled out as a weapon.  Surely nobody wants to ban golf clubs.  It appears your objection lies with   alcohol  , not guns so why don't you advocate a return to Prohibition?  Guns are simply a tool, they are useless lying on the ground.  There have been many women on my own campus that have been sexually assaulted; don't they also deserve the right to defend themselves?  What about preventing a break-in or robbery?  Mass killings are not the only things Concealed Carry can help prevent."	FAVOR
2314	guns	"MilitiaJim makes an interesting point when he points out that soldiers are sworn to protect the Constitution, not the members of our government. The President also swears an oath to ""preserve, protect and defend the Constitution"".  But what happens when the government, or the Commander-in-Chief of the armed forces specifically, begin to violate the Constitution? What do the armed forces do when they have to choose between protecting the Constitution and obeying the Commander-in-Chief, who is presumably sworn to protect it?  I don't fault our soldiers in either case.  It would be a difficult choice.  But in the meantime, citizens could find themselves at the wrong end the U.S armed forces.  Sid"	FAVOR
2315	guns	The one time I used my 45, I was glad I had it.I was at home ,it was early morning.My dogs were in a kennel in the backyard,barking.Our driveway had no cars in it as my wifes car was in for repair and she was using mine---this is something thieves look for.I was in bed, the dogs had woken me, a shadow went by the bedroom curtain on the sliding glass door,I grabbed my 45,ran down the hall, stopped at the corner and peered around it. I could here prying come from the sliding glass door in our living room.Two guys outside were trying to break in, they thought no one was home-------Surprise-----I held them at gun point called the cops and had even discharged a round to let them know I meant business. Cops came, wife arrived home for lunch, what a day.But in the end it was bad guys-0, good guys-2 ---- 2-bad guys equals 2 points.So, Damn right it makes us safer,but with firearms ownership comes a heap of responsibility, so keep your weapons like you keep your wife and kids, close by your side and respect their unique abilities.	FAVOR
2316	guns	"You are obviously informed of your ""opinion"" based on buzz words and statements repeatedly given credibility that have a political agenda.Did you know that it is a criminal offense in and of itself to consume   alcohol   and carry?  The person or student that does has not gone through concealed weapons training and therefore not legal.  We are talking legal law abiding students that should be allowed to protect themselves and others should they need to.People of your mindset do not find the common denominator in Virginia Tech, Colorado Springs, Mumbai or even the holocaust to name a few.  The criminal, and in the one case a government, has found the common denominator.  Why do you think the psycho's don't choose our local rod and gun clubs for their killing sprees.CWC permit holders have a grave responsibility whether a student or citizen.  Not only do they put their lives in danger they better be trained and skillful so no harm comes to innocents.  The biggest responsibility? If there is reason to pull it you use it and the one to go home to his family is you.  There is no such thing as a fair fight.  If it is fair the tactics need to be rethought.What isn't fair is a   college   campus full of innocents being defenselessly gunned down and their   parents   with empty beds from lack of one person on the right side of the law not being able to carry.   "	FAVOR
2317	guns	 It ought to be made much stricter, all the idiots clutching at their guns need to get out of their little bubble.	AGAINST
2318	guns	Why don't you go talk to the dead Jews from Germany ???OR, all the WWII casualties,or all the dead Iraqies, who fought against the similar views you try to propogate...	FAVOR
2319	guns	You don't even know how many   guns   you have??? You are not a gun nut, you're just a nut. You are the kind of person who will have the neighborhood   kids   break in, steal some guns, then go shoot up an entire school.I can't imagine that any responsible gun owner would think what you're doing is safe or intelligent.What it the purpose of having so many guns? Perhaps to make up for some other shortcoming in your life?	AGAINST
2320	guns	one needs the right of self defense, one needs the right to feel safe in any circumstance. Yet one also needs to know self restraint, such weapons as a ALL assault weapons should not be allowed, but a hunting rifle and pistols should be allowed.	FAVOR
2321	guns	Why is it so hard to understand that criminals couldn't care less more   gun laws  ? The ones we have now don't work effectively, so why   add   more ineffective laws to the list? Case in point:In my home town, we just had a   murder   this past Sunday, where a former'boyfriend' took a 35 year old female hostage and ended up killing her with a handgun.His record showed that he had not one, but two felony convictions, one in the early 90`s and another in 2006.Do you honestly think the thought crossed his mind, 'Oh dear, I'm a convicted felon! I can't carry a gun or I might get into trouble!'OF course not.The only people who actually abide by the laws are the orderly people who want to protect themselves and their families.I have held a concealed carry permit for 20 years. I have never once even considered perpetrating a   crime   with my concealed weapon.  	FAVOR
2322	guns	I dont know if you are aware of the fact that one of the first things hitler did was take away the right to bear arms from the german people. he would send them into battle to die,but you were not allowed to own a firearm. my grandparents were from germany. and propaganda is one of the things that the brady bunch thrives on.  doctors kill untold thousands with their daily meds,alchohol kills around 400,000 people a year,but the brady bunch worries about firearms.  and yes the brady bunch is a subversive ,lying bunch of anti constitution socialists who thinks the government should meddle in every aspect of our lives. grow up! you listen to tv propaganda too much.	FAVOR
2323	guns	"Are there more killings each year by ""ordinary"" folks or by criminals and thugs? And what business did an 8 year old have even having access to a gun unsupervised? That's not the   constitution  's fault. That's the parent's fault. You're not going to get rid of the   guns  . Face it. So don't try and take mine so that I'm a helpless victim. "	FAVOR
2324	guns	 Just to the British citizens, aye?  /   /> No.  />   /> To the majority of the world.	AGAINST
2325	guns	" Semi-automatic weapons do not serve a sporting purpose. Semi-automatic weapons original purpose are for shooting and killing humans, not game animals. In addition, is there any legitimate reason to want to involve assault weapons in the sport of hunting. First, the mass killing of game could be considered a violation of animal rights. At a minimum, this kind of activity does not seem to be much of a challenging sport. Rather, it would appear to make the maximization of the killing of game the primary objective, over the art of making a skillful kill."	AGAINST
2326	guns	"Thanks for the observation, and comment.  This is somewhat off the topic of National Park carry, but related to carrying for self-defense in general.   Actually since I wrote ""Please stay on topic!"" back in June, I have talked to the pastor of the   church   I attend, and got permission from the church board to carry while in services. I felt the worst that could happen was they would say no, in which case I would continue to keep things as it was. They were initially suprised because I asked, but were very supportive of the idea after we talked about my reasoning and intent.  They were glad to have someone step up and ask, who would be willing to protect those, who would not, or could not defend themselves.  I do not encourage violence, and I do not look for trouble, but I am cautious and prepared to deal with problems if they occur.  They understood my concern that over the increased attacks on people in ""gun free zones"" AKA: Victim Preserves in the last couple years.  I even took a couple of gentlemen to the   shooting   range to assure them that I am proficient with my sidearm, and to encourage them to consider having other regular members to carry in church.  As I explained to them, I carry almost all the time, because you never know when you might need to protect yourself and others.  It's kind of like having a spare tire and insurance for your car, you hope you never need to use it, but your sure glad to have it when it's needed.   After years in the field working with unstable violent juveniles, I am conditioned to act, and not freeze like many people do.I work in a Juvenile detention center, so for obvious reasons I would not even consider carrying at work.  I do however keep my self-defense firearm locked in a small pistol safe mounted in my trunk now, for the trip to and from, as we have had periodic threats toward the facility and staff by former residents and some of their gang-banger buddies.  I believe that has actually helped me better prepare to face challenges and act in a crisis situation. "	FAVOR
2327	guns	 Everyones argument for them seems to be that they need them for self defense out of fear of being attacked by other gun owners.  Well if they were illegalised and strictly enforced, that fear should be eliminated, or at the very least, greatly reduced.  Thus removing the need for guns in the mainstream!  />   /> Of course, there will be the odd mentally unstable person who will want to get hold of a gun to shoot a few tens of people for no reason, other than he's depressed.  But you could make the effort, illegalize them, and make it more difficult for him to obtain his weapon of choice, and in the process save a few lives!	AGAINST
2328	guns	You can count me in as one of the well-armed populace, and if the gun and ammo sales in the last 6-8 months is any indication there are a lot of us.  More than 5 Billion rounds of ammunition sold, and more   guns   sold in the period since the   election  .  That's more than was sold during the previous two years combined, if the gun blogs are accurate.	FAVOR
2329	guns	" ""A well-regulated militia"" can apply to a state-run as well as an independent militia The National Guard is an example of the militia of Clauses 15 and 16. But, that does not mean that the National Guard was the sole version of the well-regulated militia described by the Second Amendment. Maryland v. United States does state that 'The National Guard is the modern Militia'. Pro-individual gun right advocates argue that an unorganized militia would be an equally 'well-regulated militia'."	FAVOR
2330	guns	A person of vocabulistic exhibitionism... in your next excursion of verbal spewism, remember that masse refers to a billard shot not large numbers of people!I carry a glock 21 just in case!	FAVOR
2331	guns	Here in Texas if you have your concealed handgun license, you can buy a hand gun with no waiting period. The reason for the waiting period is so some guy all pissed off at his woman has time to cool down before he blows her brains out in a fit of rage. I like the waiting period, I believe it prevents such things from happening. I know, if he wanted to he could beat her brains out with a baseball bat, but that's not as easy as just pointing, and pulling a trigger.	FAVOR
2332	guns	Yes, owning a gun kills   children  .  So does owning a car. But if everyone drove their   cars   responsibly, according to all applicable laws, this wouldn't be true.So does buying a plane ticket. But if planes were perfectly maintained and there were no extenuating circumstances like weather, this wouldn't be true.So does walking across the street. But if parents always looked both ways, and nobody ever ran red lights and always yielded to pedestrians this wouldn't be true.While some of the above examples are a bit ridiculous, so are all the arguments presented by the anti-gun agenda. The fact is, some people are irresponsible. Whether you're talking about   guns  , driving, taking   medication  , paying their bills; whatever. You CANNOT change the behavior of irresponsible people.However, if you look at the number of   legal   gun owners in the U.S. vs. the number of violent crimes and accidents attributed to them, you will see they are among the safest group, statistically. While the story above is tragic, it was the result of irresponsible parents. Parents who would leave a loaded gun so obviously accessible to a 3 year old child, probably leave poisonous   chemicals   like bleach within easy reach as well. But where is the anti-bleach agenda in this country? Another thing the author forgets to mention is the myriad other ways children die in this country at much higher rates than gun accidents, most of which are also preventable.	FAVOR
2333	guns	[event]The society with no guns has five members that buy guns from the black market, they take over the society and create a dictatorship where the men are forced into slave labor camps and the women are sold as sex slaves. Meanwhile the other society is fine they have had a few disputes with a bad apple or two but they were both resolved without the collapse of the society.[/event]coming back to the planet earth you must first accept that guns exist. If you ban them there will still be a black market, no matter if they are smuggled or made domestically. So the best solution is to regulate and make sure law abiding citizens can buy guns.	FAVOR
2334	guns	"The implications of the DC handgun ban are not supported nationwide. The DC handgun ban case does not have an isolated impact in DC. Rather, it has wide-ranging implications for gun laws across the country. A handgun ban in DC violates the principle of an individual right to bear arms. As such, for those in favor of gun rights, which is a large portion of the country, opposition to the DC handgun is imperative.       "	FAVOR
2335	guns	 If you consider the silly testosterone induced fistfights that men have, I'd say that the downside would be that if each person were armed with a gun, those fights would result in death instead of a bruised face or ego.	AGAINST
2336	guns	The overwhelming majority of negative comments on this topic are initial knee-jerk reactions by people that have not been exposed to the facts yet. How do i know? because the concerns have already been adressed in the FAQ sections of every concealed carry website on the internet. This is about ADULTS who ALREADY HAVE PERMITS TO CARRY outside the confines of the campus and DO SO ON A DAILY BASIS without incident. These people are the most law abiding citizens out there, who take care in what they do every day because they understand that thier RIGHT to keep and bear arms is also a responsibility that is not to be taken lightly. The arguments from people that understand the basic facts have progressed towards things like caliber selection, additional training requirements, and how to prevent theft; NOT whether college students will get drunk and shoot thier professor. 	FAVOR
2337	guns	" ""Keep"" in the 2nd amendment refers to an individual right to bear arms Keep has the connotation of ""keeping"" arms in your home. If we have a right to ""keep"" arms in our homes, than this appears to confer an individual right to possessions and ownership."	FAVOR
2338	guns	"I say I'm moving back home to Utah. What does not allowing them on   campus   say to the gun owners? ""Although you're old enough for the government to allow you to have   guns   you can't have them here because there's people."" And out in the street there aren't? People in Utah are not that different from the rest of the country. Those committed enough to complete the course and pass all the checks required to get a concealed carry permit should be allowed to carry it wherever. There should be no double standard. ""Just because allowing students to carry concealed weapons works in Utah doesn't mean it's going to work in every other state.""Sorry. I think it does. A crazy person won't be stopped from a shooting okay fine. Someone who is after someone is not going to barge into one of his classes to take them out if they know some other students in the room could take them down first. People who take guns against those without them are cowards by nature. Confronted with equal or greater force makes them show their true yellow. "	FAVOR
2339	guns	"The DC handgun ban has produced a marginal decrease in crime and murders. A 1991 University of Maryland study by criminologists in the New England Journal of Medicine suggested the gun ban had saved lives in the decade before 1991, even despite the fact that the number of deaths in the city had risen to 479 that year, 81 deaths per 100,000, earning it the title of the murder capital of the country. They argued the ban had prevented 47 deaths per year in D.C., both suicides and murders.[6] The point of the study is that the handgun ban has had a marginal impact in reducing crime and murder rates. Any such decrease is important and valuable, however small the impact may be. D.C. Council chairman Sterling Tucker said in 2008, ""We knew there were problems we couldn't wipe out. But we had a little more control over it [with the handgun ban].""[7]"	AGAINST
2340	guns	"Then why did Sarah Brady stand on the senate floor and state ""How are we to bring about a socialistic form of government, if every American citizen has a right to own and bear arms."" ???????????????"	FAVOR
2341	guns	"Why do you even ask a question based on this premise?I don't live in Shanghai. I would not want to live in Shanghai.  If I lived in Shanghai, I would be trying to change their tryannical rules and probably would be part of a rebellion to change it by force.The US is not a violent   society   compared to other countries.  Thank God the Founders saw the need to guarantee the   right to bear arms   in the Bill of RIghts.I have been living in the US for over 60 years now.  To this day, I have never worried about getting shot going down the streets in any city.  If you are so worried about that, maybe you should move to Shanghi.I like my ""  gun culture  "" just fine.  I have not seen anything better yet."	FAVOR
2342	guns	" An assault weapons ban would not prevent another Columbine massacre "	FAVOR
2343	guns	I don't want to live in a land where only criminals and political folks decide who can have a gun, too many politically inclined people turn out to be criminals also.   Speaking of guns and bigger bangs...  If McCain had associated with unrepentant abortion clinic bombers would anyone at all vote for him?   If not, why is anyone at all voting for Obama?	FAVOR
2344	guns	"A ban would create blackmarkets in arm trade. These blackmarkets could be directly linked with other illicit trading, such as narcotics, and could become a source of added revenue for organized crime and drug trafficking. "	FAVOR
2345	guns	Guns are illegal in Chicago.How do you explain Chicago having the highest homicide rate?Don't worry... I'll wait.	FAVOR
2346	guns	itz gud 4 everybody cuz it helps u alot on eveyry problem u gt no matter wat	AGAINST
2347	guns	 Most handguns purchased for home protection are (1) stolen and used in other crimes, (2) used by children to accidentally kill each other, or (3) used by the owner to commit suicide. In less than 1% of cases do gun owners successfully prevent a home crime with a gun.  />   /> So, while freedom is great, in the real world gun-freedom just kills innocent people.	AGAINST
2348	guns	That's what our founding fathers intended when they wrote the Constitution. Do you think you know better than they? When they were the ones who lived under tyranny and risked their lives for freedom?You said it perfectly SidAirFoil. Couldn't have said it better. The   right to bear arms   is to protect us from our own government. And in my view, the movement to disarm us is a clear and calculated way to slowly take away our rights and our   power  . 	FAVOR
2349	guns	"QUOTE ""I would hate to have all the primitive people around me (read NRA members and criminals) being the only armed ones.""Welcome to the club! WOW NRA members & criminals in the same breath, nice to know your head is on straight.Heres why these two sides of the coin will never meet.Cut & Paste Bernard Levine (c)1998  THE GREAT DIVIDE     Ever since its first European settlements, in the early 1600s,America developed as two completely different republics. We have beenpolitically divided ever since, and will always remain so. This isbecause our two founding republican traditions are both opposite andirreconcilable.      On one side of the divide were the agrarian republicans like ThomasJefferson and James Madison. They gave us the Declaration ofIndependence and the Constitution, with their foundation stones of equalcreation, personal freedom, and the inalienable rights of every citizen.Theirs was a republic of innate virtue, where   crime   and vice werenothing more than aberrations. An individual's misbehavior was only ofconcern to the State when other citizens had been harmed by it.      On the other side of the divide were the puritanical republicanslike the autocratic clergyman, Cotton Mather. These men believed allcitizens to be innate sinners, irresistibly driven to dastardly deedsunless rigidly restrained by the State. Their puritan republic, theirCity of God, was like a brittle chain, which a single weak link wouldsunder. In their world, even the slightest mis-step from pious purityhad to be prevented at all cost. Countless detailed laws and regulationswere devised, and then constantly revised, in order to eliminate everypossibility of straying. To the true puritan -- whether pious Christian,secular humanist, or leveling socialist -- notions of rights andresponsibilities are meaningless. All that matters is the prevention ofsin. No form of prior restraint can be too severe, if it advances thisfundamental goal. ====Of course the puritans never included themselves in the regulations, after all they could trust that they were above corruption....sort of like you...."	FAVOR
2350	guns	Well done!	FAVOR
2351	guns	pure genius!!!!!!!!	FAVOR
2352	guns	"In the past, on numerous occasions, I have heard the argument presented that we donÃ•t need   firearms   to protect ourselves from a tyrannical government because our government, the federal government of the United States would never turn against us.I have heard it said that gun owners are paranoid to believe that our federal government would turn against us.Well, I have to say that now our so-called paranoia has been justified.I believe it is safe to say that the federal government has officially become the tyrannical government that we warned about.The Department of Homeland Security, Office of Intelligence and Analysis has put out a report, titled ""Rightwing Extremism: Current Economic and Political Climate Fueling Resurgence in Radicalization and Recruitment,"" which, I dare say, defines half of the country as radical extremists whose activity must be monitored to ensure the safety of the country.After all the condemnations from the socialist liberals on the left about government spying on citizens of the United States, these same socialists, now in power, are using that very power to spy on citizens of the United States. And weÃ•re not talking about naturalized people, weÃ•re talking about Americans born and raised here. WeÃ•re talking about people who have sacrificed in the military to defend our freedom.We now have the most liberal, socialist person ever in the White House. Congress is controlled by socialist liberals and they intend to make the most of it.If you support the Constitution and the Bill of Rights of the United States, including the 1st, 2nd and 10th Amendments; if you object to an ever growing out of control government; if you have conservative or libertarian beliefs on certain social issues, you may consider yourself to be a radical extremist."	FAVOR
2353	guns	You must be kidding.  China is the number one violator of   human rights   in   asia  ..and that is saying something.. The reason the PEOPLE don't have   guns   in China is because the government dictates what the people do. The government is AFRAID if the people had the means to defend themselves they WOULD! .. I'll take the USA, problems and all. 	FAVOR
2354	guns	"I mean come on, you hear about students that carry a gun to school illegally and shut other students.  You also hear about students that have ""hit lists"" but have never done anything about it.  Letting them carry a gun would just make it that much easier for someone to shoot people on their ""hit list""."	AGAINST
2355	guns	"Over 2 Million cases of defensive uses of guns every year in the US alone.  Accidental deaths of children by so-called ""accidental"" shootings are consistently in the double digits typically between 50 & 80.  In fact accidental is the wrong word.  Negligent is the word to use.  In every case of so-called ""accidental shootings"" multiple standard gun safety rules are violated, and in most cases the negligent discharge is performed by adults mishandling their guns while under the influence of drugs or alcohol.  Children are more likely to die by drowning in toilets, bathtubs, or buckets of water than they are to die by negligent discharge, especially if you follow standard safety practices & don't handle your guns while under the influence of  drugs.  Better yet, just stay sober all the time.  You can have just as much fun & best of all, you actually remember the fun you had the next morning!"	FAVOR
2356	guns	 I agree that gun ownership should be strictly controlled. Put a gun in the hands of a crackpot and there's going to be a problem.	AGAINST
2357	guns	In every sense of the word, guns do make you safer, whether it is at your own home, or at a college campus.  I am highly aware of the fact that many people are afraid of the fact that the wrong kind of people would be allowed to carry, but the essential truth that people forget to see is that there are plenty of responsible people that would utilize the ability to carry in order to protect themselves and others.  It is fact enough that crime rate is lower in right to carry states.	FAVOR
2358	guns	 Making more laws just makes shooting someone more illegal not less common	FAVOR
2359	guns	"""...anyone who reads it knows that it means the right to keep and bear arms belongs to those who have served in militia...""Assuming that you are a citizen of the U.S., then you, personally, have served and are serving in the militia: as have everyone else.  The militia is composed of all citizens, who can be called forth in defense of the country, region or area not just for military service, but police actions also.  In addition, the militia can be called to aid in natural and/or man made disasters.In essence, the militia is the willing cooperation of free men and women who consciously choose to support and defend the society and government they have created."	FAVOR
2360	guns	Look at some European countries that banned guns. Guess what nothing has changed. If people want to kill they will and they will find a way to get a gun to do so! So you want to get rid of hunting, which is a trillion $ a year industry and if you ban guns millions of jobs would be lost. YOU THINK WE ARE IN A RECESSION NOW! You idiot!	FAVOR
2361	guns	"Banning semi-automatic weapons would harm small businesses. A ban on semi-automatic weapons would damage the revenue of small business. "	FAVOR
2362	guns	what if just one student had the means and prevented these tragedies?	FAVOR
2363	guns	"Look up ""National   crime   report"" on google.  I don't have time or inclination to get them.  But nobody seems to argue with them.The average Brit (or aussie) being more civilized than us free-range Americans,  the UK has always had a low   murder   rate,    guns   or not.   In fact,  around 1900,  all you had to do was pay a 10 shilling   tax   to carry concealed. Yet the murder rate was lower than now.  The book ""Against the Odds"" (look it up) notes that even in the mid 1600's london had only a dozen murders or less a year,  compared to one a day or so for Paris.The sociologists tell us the the main varible in the white non-hispanic US murder rate is to be of southern US extraction,  which I am,  partly.  Look up ( Virginia senator ) James Webb's book on us,  aptly-entitled ""Born fighting"".   An honor culture again.  Don't mess with 'em.OTOH,  my Danish-  immigrant   ancestors up north  universally own   firearms  .  It's a farm tool like any other.  Flatly-stated,  they just don't shoot each other.   "	FAVOR
2364	guns	I've been carrying weapons in these places since 1974 and never even knew it was against   the law  . Why would I have ever assumed that it was against the law? The Constitution covers federal lands too!Well, I guess I'll just continue doing what I always do. No news here.	FAVOR
2365	guns	"So Brady...At ALL 9 Public Universities in Utah, as well as Colorado State University and Blue Ridge Community College in Virginia there has NEVER been a gun theft on campus. And as you know, all of these places currently allow LICENSED students to carry on campus.These 21+ year olds are not the students living in dorms, or on campus.. Most Universities wont allow students that have over 60 hours (19-20 years old) to live on campus.It's not ""increasing gun ownership"", these students are ALREADY licensed to carry virtually EVERYWHERE else. They already have the licenses, and they already have the firearms (and there havent been any problems).When will the Brady Campaign stop the LIES ???"	FAVOR
2366	guns	" Gun control means, hitting your target.  You must be able to defend yourself and your loved ones and property. Or the bad guys will take it all from you while you watch and say to yourself, ""well I obeyed the law, why didn't he"" Don' be naive."	FAVOR
2367	guns	"I always find it amazining that some people have to tell us what a phrase means, because when we disagree with their interpetation they say that only they can know what was really meant by a phrase that is to simple for the average ""citizen"" to truly comprehend. Bulls**t. This is why a decent education in the history of this country must be a mandatory part of ones learning process. As is evidenced by the fact that our rights, although not wholly uninfringed, are still protected by this great document. In the first place it dosen't give us our rights it merely says the goverment shall not infringe our rights. Some people refuse to look at the evidence and wholly rely on their emotional intellect in viewing this issue."	FAVOR
2368	guns	" This is ridiculous.  No matter what the ""bad guys"" are going to get firearms.  All gun control does is make it harder for the law abiding citizen to get a gun.  Less than 5% of violent crimes committed with a firearm are with a legally purchased firearm.  You're not going to do any good.  You want to see violent crimes go down?  Make it easier for law abiding citizens to buy firearms and train them to use it to defend themselves and others."	FAVOR
2369	guns	people will still get guns and whats going to happen to all the guns all over the world. there will never be world peace. there will always be weapons. people will always kill other people. its as simple as that	FAVOR
2370	guns	 Stricter control or not the crazy people are gonna get guns regardless	FAVOR
2371	guns	True school shootings are incredibly rare but what about all the other crimes that occur on college campuses everyday. Ranging from assault to rape why are all those crimes not as important? Why does crossing an imaginary line on to a college campus not allow you the right to self defense? Also the place where you got all your information from is talking about High Schools not college campuses. I don't current have the time to look up college statistics but in the next few days I will attempt to find the stats for college campuses. 	FAVOR
2372	guns	"An assault weapons ban encourages organized crime "	FAVOR
2373	guns	Yo. Law abiding citizens should be allowed to have guns, not convicted criminals. If someone plans to buy a gun, the shop owner should have to do a background check on the customer. That way, law abiding citizens can be the ones with guns, that they'll only use for protection against intruders. I mean, come on. If you think that gun control will help this country, you are sorely mistaken. Criminals aren't stupid. They'll keep their guns while the law-abiding citizens while fork 'em over to the government. I think you see where I'm going with this. Every citizen law abiding citizen has the right to bear arms.	FAVOR
2374	guns	Brady,How many times do you need to hear this and from how many law abiding citizens.  A GUN DID NOT KILL THOSE KIDS AT VIGINIA TECH!!  CHO DID!! And it was made easy for him.   If Virginia Tech allowed CWC how many   parents   would have been spared the agony of empty beds.  My heart goes out to them and they can thank your contributing agenda for being forced to be defenseless sitting ducks.I'm not hearing any gun   shots   coming out of the Utah   campus  '.  I am in Minnesota so it is a bit far for the gunshots to be heard.   What?  No gun battles using a keg as a shield?  No enraged gun battles over a parking space?  No professors being shot for handing out a bad grade?  What you also will not hear from the Utah campus is gunshots of random killers.  They will be much safer at malls and churches unless I am there.  Yes.  I know.  Your misguided agenda would make me a criminal for protecting myself and others.  Just as you did these students.    	FAVOR
2375	guns	do you mean a gun should not be the fall back defensive???The gun is a weapon made for the peasents, for those soldiers who couldnt take years to train. Of all the other weapons in the world the gun is the most efficient for self defense, taking little training and thought to use. Are you saying a knife would work better when the majority of Americans dont even know how to use a knife??? They would end up cutting themselves let alone their assaulters. If one had a gun, a single warning shot in the air will make them run before the need of killing. however one still needs to have the killing intent or they will be attacked and be in a tausle for the gun.	FAVOR
2376	guns	 If you make gun control laws you'll only take guns away from good, law abiding citizens.Criminals  don't licence guns anyway.I believe punishment should be harder for owning an illegal gun.That'll discourage criminals from using firearms while still protecting our rights.Plus banning arms is a fashist policy.	FAVOR
2377	guns	" DC's handgun ban threatens citizens' ability to defend themselves on the streets The majority of violent encounters occur on the street, versus in the home. Hand guns are a particularly important means to protecting one self on the street. This is primarily the case because handguns can be easily carried by law-abiding civilians, and concealed so as to avoid scaring other citizens. Shotguns and rifles do not share these characteristics.   "	FAVOR
2378	guns	I see your point, certainly, however, whether you neutralize the assailant by killing them or otherwise making it physically impossible for them to cause harm to others, neutralization is the point in any violent attack. I agree the Glock has the potential to neutralize their threat quite nicely, however, when given the choice of killing or not killing, is it your choice to kill simply because it's quick and easy to do so? Are we to kill our attackers because killing them is the most convenient approach?I'm saying only that all life - threatening to us or not - is precious and we ought not be so casual in the taking of it. In a violent attack upon our person or property, our main goal is to end the violent attack. We can do so by any means possible without regard for any life but our own, or we can put an end to violence in an intelligent way that preserves not only our own life but the life of one's attacker.In any violent event, you can fight savagery with more savagery or with intelligence. I'm saying we ought to choose an intelligent end to violence rather than fall to the very savagery threatening us. By doing so, we in fact advocate the very thing we wish to defend ourselves against. If we truly abhor savagery, let us not be savages to make our point.I thoroughly disagree with the notion of fighting fire with fire. I firmly believe in fighting fire with intelligence. A gun is the lazy brute's way out. You may stop your assailant from further harming you but, you lose all the same.	AGAINST
2379	guns	" The Second Amendment confers the individual right to self defense   Modern legal scholarship  posits that the amendment is the affirmation of the the individual freedom to posses guns and use them for self protection.James Madison's original version of the amendment described the militia as comprised of people . This reflects the framer's intent to extend this freedom to every citizen as a right to self protection .The amendment reflects the philosophical foundation of the American societies built as counter hegemonic culture formed and perpetuated by the preservation of freedom."	FAVOR
2380	guns	"You've made no arguments. You've simply restated your previous opinions. Your logic is spurious and you evidence anecdotal. You are hip deep in self serving Horatio Alger mythology designed expressly to absolve you of the responsibility of helping your fellow man.May I suggest you start with ""A People's History of the United States."" by Howard ZinnBesides a   drug war   debate with you in the comments on a gun issue is pointless as you won't be convinced, and very few people interested will see it.Like I said, you shouldn't trust me, go read the relevant studies and history. I know you won't even look you'll just pat yourself on the head and type some more Ad Hominem.Your snide and insulting incredulity at what I know are established well documented facts of history says it all. I will no longer be responding to you, or anyone else on the subject of   drug law   in this thread, we've gone too far off topic already. After decades on the Internet, I know an intractable zealot when I see one.I'm glad you enjoyed writing that post, and if you choose to take the last word and make an argument to which I will not respond I hope you enjoy that as well."	FAVOR
2381	guns	"Until then...You state: ""The Court also concludes that the Second Amendment is consistent with laws banning Ã’dangerous and unusual weaponsÃ“ not Ã’in common use at the time,Ã“ such as M-16 rifles and other   firearms   that are most useful in   military   service.""Your attempt to spin the opinion has failed here.  It is common knowledge that the 2nd Amendment was specifically designed to include militaristic rifles, for the express purpose of ensuring the ability of the citizenry of throwing the shackles of oppressive Government.  This was the case when the federal government ratified the amendment and also when each state wrote their own constitutions, insofar as similar rights were included.  In claiming that the 2nd Amendment pertains to hunting, the shooting   sports  , and collecting, the anti-gun lobby misframes the entire concept of the amendment and thought-process of the framers when it was ratified."	FAVOR
2382	guns	"Both clauses of the second amendment also refers to the militia"	AGAINST
2383	guns	"If the militia clause is antiquated, than an individual right to arms is all that is left It is entirely possible that the militia clause can have no modern relevance. One of the justifications for this argument is that it is considered unreasonable for citizens to hold tanks and bazookas, which are the only arms that would enable a militia to legitimately check the power of the United States government and its military. It is, therefore, unreasonable for a militia, in the modern day, to become ""well regulated"" such that it could achieve the purpose initially set forth by the founders. This line of logic effectively invalidates the militia clause, and leaves the second clause to stand alone, which secures the ""right of the people to keep and bear arms"". If this second clause is invalidated, then there is nothing left of the Second Amendment that would have any validity in the modern day. As such, the second clause should not be invalidated, and the individual right of the people to keep and bear arms should be upheld."	FAVOR
2384	guns	" The individual right to arms is an important symbol of individual freedom The right to bear arms has become an important, lasting expression to many American individuals of their individual freedom and liberty. There are few symbols as powerful, particularly as the right to bear arms for the purposes of, potentially, joining a militia and fighting a tyrannical government is such a tangible concept. The rights to free speech and religion are much less tangible, and lack the power and threat of violence as a check on government tyranny. Such a symbolic expression of freedom resonates too deeply with many Americans to be deprived. "	FAVOR
2385	guns	Exactly what king George told the colonists...	FAVOR
2386	guns	While I agree with your basic point, (I think) you certainly come off as irrational and a tad bit crazy.  It just gives the other side more ammunition.  Is the Brady Campaing dangerous?  Yes.  Does that statement need to be the first line with an exclaimation point, in an argument that isn't even about the Brady Campaign?  No.  You're on the right track, but you need to take a chill pill and present your arguments in a calm, rational and reasonable way.  If you sound like  a crazy person, you're not going to convince them that letting you keep your guns is a good idea.  	FAVOR
2387	guns	"Ses asks a few questions:""1. Where does the present day fear of government come from?""It came from a careful reading of history.  Our founders studied ancient and recent (18th century) history, and realized clearly that the most serious threats to life and liberty ALWAYS come from one's own government, rather than from local criminals or foreign states. Think about all the great atrocities of history.  Most (not all) are committed by governments against their own people.  2. Is it a realistic fear (given the various constitutional mechanisms to prevent the misuse of power)? Constitutional republics like the US go a long way to ameliorating those threats.  We've gone 230 years without major governmental threats to our liberties, and have achieved prosperity unimaginable even a century ago.  But complacency is the enemy.  No one ever worries about a fire until their house burns down.  Besides, one of the constitutional mechanisms to which you allude is the Second Amendment.  You can't praise the Constitution and all it's accomplished and then argue that those accomplishments justify changing the document.  3. Is being armed against hypothetical government oppression worth all the harm caused by the misuse of   firearms   ?""This is the true price of living in a free   society   (and it's high).  Many today argue illogically that the price of living in a free society is that we can't be truly free...that we have to sacrifice certain freedoms (like   guns  ) in order to enjoy the other freedoms without fear.  This is a false choice.  Freedom requires constant vigilance, and never becomes something to be taken for granted.  It we must always be willing to pay for it.  The cost of MY freedom is that I must acknowledge yours, even when you do things I don't like with it (like owning guns).  And please remember.  The VAST majority of gun owners NEVER hurt anyone.  To take away our right just because a few abuse that right would be like repealing the First Amendment because some people abuse their right to speak freely.  It would be to treat ALL gun owners as if we were guilty until proved innocent.  And that is anathema in a free society...no matter the practical benefit.  "	FAVOR
2388	guns	Are there more guns out there today?  Yes there is....and a lot more.If more guns equal more deaths, why has the death rate decreased about 40% in the governments latest statistics.Japan is a homogenious society that has thousands of years social structure unlike these United States.  Yes they have few guns.  Yes, the suicide rate is much higher than ours.Austrailia, Great Britain, and Canada have greatly restricted or banned most firearms and now are experiencing a huge increase in crime compared to before the restrictions.  Remember when the Bobbies didn't carry firearms?  What has changed?	FAVOR
2389	guns	First off- thank you for your citation. Now that we are both looking at the same data I think we can be on the same page more. I hope you don't mind- but I went straight to the CDC website for the original data- I could not find 2005? anyway- all the stuff I'll be referencing will be 2004. I guess I couldn't find the 05 data on their site.first look at this- its a study by the CDC re: the effectiveness of Gun Laws (Including concealed carry)        all their research boils down to 'inconsistent results' continuing on with the CDC- less than 1% of all homicides and suicides of school age persons (age 10-24) occur in or on school grounds.also according to the CDC between 1992 and 2006, school homicide rate was on the decline, and school related homicides were perpetrated with a firearm 65 or so % of the time.        Obviously that data is missing VT, NIU, and some other major tragedies, but  the channel to purchase firearms legally is not where the 'violence problem' is coming from.I'll have to dig out the research- I think you can find it in 'gunfacts' (google gunfacts and you'll find a free webbook on it)but you mention assault rifles- prior to the brady bill they were used in less than 1.5% of crimes involving guns. 1.5% They have legitimate sporting and self defense purposes. I'm going to give you a quick sidebar here to help my point- as I don't mean to call you ignorant (I don't think you are) but I think firearms may be a bit foreign to you in their capabilities.Lets look at an AR-15 , the civilian version of the m16 that our soldiers carry. It is legal in many parts of the country, but not all- and fires 1 round per 1 trigger pull (that is semi-automatic)the most standard caliber is 223 remington, which has a military counterpart called 5.56x45- they aren't identical- but for the sake of this conversation we will assume they are- as a 5.56 gun can fire 223 without any issues.it fires a 55gr projectile around 3000 FPS. That sounds fast and powerful- but, did you know that the 55gr projectile going that fast will have less power to penetrate walls and homes than a many pistol rounds? its a function of physics- and again i'll try to find the data- I'm on my way to class right now and don't have time to run through all the numbers but maybe I can paint a picture for you anyway-a smaller  lighter projectile loses energy faster than a slower, heavier one. Its inertia. Like a semi going 35 miles an hour hitting a honda civic going 85. the semi still wins.so what is the point of all that? legislation, though often enacted with seemingly good intentions- is often done by people who have absolutely no idea what they are talking about. as me and you both seem very pro-civil liberties, I'd rather they not mess anything else up, and instead focus more on proven methods of crime prevention- like more police.of the handguns you reference- the vast majority are obtained ILLEGALLY- I see what your aiming for here- you want to choke off the supply and the problem will smother itself.Think of prohibition- we choked off the supply of alcohol, and what happened? it became so profitable to deal in it illegally that we gave rise to a massive crime syndicate in the US. The criminals still had booze, they still had guns, and now they had immense amounts of cash to finance whatever they needed.if you outlaw handguns and assault rifles the same thing will happen again. Good people will not have them, and criminals still will- because they exist outside the law. it'll become so profitable that a huge black market (a huger I should say- guns for crime are often dealt illegally anyway) where a situation is created where only criminals can get guns.Penn and Teller had a show called bullshit- or something to that effect, and they did a show on the effects of gun control. one of the things they did, was to go interview violent criminals in prison, and ask if any of the anti-gun laws in place choked supply of guns for them- the answer? no. alls it did was ensure that the people they intended to hurt (assuming not another criminal) was most likely unarmed.In my experience, many people who are anti-gun are so because they are not familiar with firearms and their actual capabilities. If we demystify what they are capable of, I think you, and many other people who feel the same way, will feel far more comfortable around them.	FAVOR
2390	guns	No sources cited.  Rather poorly constructed argument.	FAVOR
2391	guns	"Go take a course on handgun safety before coming up with all these ""maybe this will happen"" arguments.  Drinking while carrying is one of the fastest ways to lose your right to carry.  Fact:  Many Criminals and Crazies already have guns and don't subscribe to this debate.  Fact:  Solid law abiding citizens won't have guns if the law doesn't allow them to have them.Fact:  People who don't believe in guns are not required to carry them.Why are so many people against law abiding citizens?"	FAVOR
2392	guns	" Has anyone seen that family guy episode where the characters shoot guns around their house like laser tag. Then one of them gets shot and he acts like he sprained his ankle.  That show is hilarious.  /> I can't believe the backing and support guns get under the rouse of 'civility.'  what kind of nonsense is that?  That's like saying ""is the middle finger an effective tool to fight people you don't get along with?""  it might be... But it certainly is in no way similar to any form of civility.  /> The classic argument to this is that the forefathers did not legalize ak-47s... They legalized muskets and such to fight off the government if they tried to take over.  Militiamen are who gun-toters should think of when they argue for guns.  Compare preparing yourself for a British invasion to what modern man uses guns for.  Bloods and crypts cannot be stalled by you and your little pistol buddies.  Osama bin laden is not going to come hopping down the bunny trail.  /> Its also pretty hard for your kids to get into your musket accidentally mixing in gunpowder and shot.  I have no idea what legs you people still have to stand on in support to owning guns.  Rifles are different, not automatic rifles but simple marksman, hunting rifles.  Personally, i think a typical handgun should be the most dangerous gun allowable for things like self defense and whatnot and that there should be allowed one per person.  Then also certain hunting provisions be set in place to orchestrate them and their... ""fun.""  i don't understand enough about hunting to make that argument, but i do see it's legitimacy.  /> How does guns protecting you from guns make any sense to anybody?  Can you be so egotistical?"	AGAINST
2393	guns	 More and more and more kids in the USA are scared to go to   / school because of guns and killings and fights i no i do  />   /> America was voted worst industrialized country to live in  />   /> because drugs guns education sex gangs and kid killings  />   /> why is America so bad but not England or Europe or Asia	AGAINST
2394	guns	" Knives are more deadly than assault weapons Because knives are a more common weapon of choice for criminals, particularly because they are concealable, they have led to more deaths than assault weapons. Yet, Knives aren't banned. It's important to keep the relatively low societal risks in mind."	FAVOR
2395	guns	What are samples from which these percentages are drawn and who did the data collection in 2006? It's impossible to evaluate your statements based on what you have written here.	AGAINST
2396	guns	Well said,Some people will never give up trying to take away our freedoms. 	FAVOR
2397	guns	In the grand scheme of things does it really matter? I mean, if someone wants to carry one concealed they will, permit or not. Just like getting a gun to begin with, the laws mean nothing to a criminal and they will carry one regardless of any   law   on the books. Its   the law   abiding citizens that end up getting screwed, or killed because they could not defend themselves against the criminal that could care less. So, lets quit having fear of the unknown. I myself have a conceal and carry(but hardly ever carry it) and part of the process is to take an   education   class and at that point it is the instructors duty to pass/fail as applicable. After this class, the individual should at least know how to handle the weapon safely and responsibly.I feel that if any criminal had any intentions of going into a classroom to do ill will and he knew that it was   legal   and very possible that he could be outnumbered and out gunned by the students themselves, I believe the criminal would think twice if he knew what he was going up against in the beginning. Just like terrorists will probably not hijack a plane again for the fear of the passengers turning on them. Same principal.Then there is the other point. In order to get a permit, the first requirement is that the person be 21. Now, if I am not mistaken people that are 21 and in   college   are pretty much a minority and about ready to graduate anyways, the majority would be the ones under 21 and they cannot get a carry conceal to begin with. So allowing students to carry conceal on campus would be relatively a very small number in consideration to the entire student population.	FAVOR
2398	guns	" Assault weapons are military caliber weapons not suited for home protection purposes. "	AGAINST
2399	guns	people kill people, but guns make it a heck of a lot easier. i do not think all guns should be banned, but some should. if you like to hunt, and you want to kill a deer, then go out and by a hunting rifle. however, certain guns are overkill such as AK-47's. i do not think you need a machine gun to kill a deer. you may say that guns could be used for personal protection, however i think buying a gun for that reason is stupid and paranoid because there are so many other things you can do before resorting to a gun for protection. you could move to a place with a lower crime rate, or by a taser/ pepper spray. you could get a guard dog, but the main idea is that there is little purpose for guns other than their use for killing, and that is why i am against gun rights.	AGAINST
2400	guns	If you really believed that guns in homes are an unacceptable danger and that they have no redeemable value, why don't you and others holding the same belief, put decals on their window and doors declaring your dwelling as a gun free zone.Think of all the health care cost savings that would be realized when the bad guys would know which residences they could rape and plunder without risk of getting shot!	FAVOR
2401	guns	So I'm sitting here in class (was a student, now a teacher), some kid pulls a gun on me. I'm a law-abiding, qualified citizen. What am I to do? Option A), I don't have the ability to carry a handgun and get my butt blown off the face of the earth because I'm defenseless.Option B), I have a weapon that I only intend to use in dire emergencies and can defend myself when I need to. I have a better chance at survival. Hmmm...seems like a no-brainer to me. 	FAVOR
2402	guns	"There are adequate alternatives to assault weapons for self-defense. A shotgun, pistol, or rifle are all adequate means of self-defense. These are powerful weapons with heavy destructive force. They can easily kill multiple assailants in rapid succession when used properly. If there is any concern about the ability of a gun owner to wield a shotgun or pistol properly such that they can kill multiple assailants, than they should seek enhanced training instead of an assault weapon."	AGAINST
2403	guns	"rudbeckie: ""(In South Africa) criminals assume that anyone they attack is carrying and don't bother using the guns as threats. Instead criminals shoot first out of fear that their victims will be able to shoot back otherwise.""That's why the death penalty is important.  ""The number of robberies that would result in wounded pride and a small financial loss in the U.S. instead result in murder.""Many small financial losses add up to big losses.  There are so many robbers in South Africa that if the victims did not defend themselves they'd quickly be stripped of everything.South Africans have the option of copywrighting a white armband to signify to robbers, ""I don't resist robbery"" and publicizing its meaning throughout the country.  You could have a law that anyone who resists while wearing the white armband is convicted of entrapment and even murder.  The robbers could seek out victims wearing the armband so they wouldn't have to shoot first.  See how few South Africans will be willing to wear the armband!""The only (Americans) I know who have been held up in this country have escaped unharmed, while I have known two S. Africans who were killed during petty theft....""I knew several Americans who were murdered by robbers when they tried to flee without paying.  You are advising us to give up our 4th Amendment Right to Freedom from Unwarranted Searches and Seizures.  If safety is worth giving that up, shouldn't we begin by removing the ACLU handcuffs from the police?Meanwhile, in Europe, where (to judge by the murder rate) there are way fewer violent criminals than in America, you have a much, much higher robbery rate.  In South Africa, people simply need to work together harder to kill criminals faster."	FAVOR
2404	guns	No they shouldn't. If you take away the civilian's only right to self defense, how are they suppose to defend themselves from the criminals who buy weapons and drugs from the black market illegally. If you think homicide rates are high now, if gun control becomes active, that will sky rocket.	FAVOR
2405	guns	It's similar to the argument that having insulin in the house increases the risk of diabetes.	FAVOR
2406	guns	"All we need is good gun control. And by ""good gun control"" I mean two hands on the gun ;)"	FAVOR
2407	guns	If Switserland is not using the U. S. Constitution why are you interfering in this gun right issue for America ?? It does not have anything to do with what your Country does or understands to be LAW...	FAVOR
2408	guns	Guns rights is in a pretty good position right now. You can own a gun, if proven trustworthy. This is not the case in all states, but it is in most. Some argue that it is dangerous to be giving out guns, but with guns-rights or no gun-rights criminals will still have guns. However, the average person who wants to own a gun for self-defense will be prohibited to without guns-rights. Meanwhile, with gun-rights the average person can own a gun AND protect himself against criminals.	FAVOR
2409	guns	 'Guns don't kill people, people kill people.'  /   /> Ahh the old ones are the best. Unfortunately guns do make it a hell of a lot EASIER to kill people - squeeze a trigger slightly and somebody dies. You can kill someone from a distance. You can kill someone without them ever seeing you. You can even kill lots of people at once.  />   /> So guns are great, huh?   />   /> Imagine a country where people don't need guns to protect themselves, because hardly anyone has them. In 20 years I've never seen a single gun in Britain, except for the odd one or two on the police guarding important places. Do they exist? Certainly. But they are so rare, that people don't feel so unsafe as to need a gun by their bedside.   />   /> If just one life was saved by making killing that little bit harder - by making people thrust a knife into their victim ; to see the pain and suffering - then it would be worth it, surely? Or maybe you think it'd only be worth it if 100 lives were saved; or 1,000?  />   /> As for this 2nd Amendment guff, even if it said 'people can carry guns' as opposed to just the right to be armed, the name is in the title: AMENDMENT. This constitution of yours isn't fixed in stone; it is designed TO BE MODIFIED to fit the times. Like the little amendment that introduced prohibition - that didn't work out so well, so it was scrapped. England once had a law similar to your 2nd amendment, but we scrapped it over a century ago - so get with the times !	AGAINST
2410	guns	By your unverified statistics there is 1 death per 9333   guns  . FARS (    ) reported that in 2007 there was 1 death per 5523 cars. A car is 59% more likely to kill then a gun.Ban cars instead.	FAVOR
2411	guns	as long as people who have guns use they responsibly they should never be banned	FAVOR
2412	guns	"""And what effect have laws against them had? None.""Actually in support of your point   drug law   makes the problem worse all around.     But like the   gun control   fans, pro   drug war   types are immune to reason.""A new scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and making them see the light, but rather because its opponents eventually die, and a new generation grows up that is familiar with it."" - Max Planck"	FAVOR
2413	guns	By reading your post, sounds to me like the problem is Alcohol and Drugs and the firearm is secondary for protection. I'm going to take a wild guess and say you are not campaigning for alcohol free schools. Easier to blame the firearm and hold nobody accountable for their actions.	FAVOR
2414	guns	" 2nd Amendment conferred a right to defend against various historical threats. Self-defense was a very likely element of the Framers' thinking behind the second amendment. It conferred the right to bear arms for the sake of defending against wolves and bears. It also conferred the right to bear arms for the sake of defending against Indians. Additionally, concerns regarding crime and insecurity were very high in the uncertain first years of the Union, making it likely that the 2nd amendment was also intended by the framers to confer a right to protect against criminals. "	FAVOR
2415	guns	"Student News Daily offers lots of policial stamensts about popular topic today. In a chart compairing Conservitive and Liberal views, there was the following quote; ""The Second Amendment gives no individual the right to own a gun, but allows the state to keep a militia (National Guard). Guns kill people. Guns kill children.""For example, during a year when over 5,000 teens and children died from gun wounds in the USA, in Great Britain, where gun ownership is very restricted, 19 teens and children died from gun wounds. This is very blunt statistic proof that states that gun control thats rectricted to certian personal keep citizens safe and reduces the death by guns. With society and technology proggressing at such a fast speed, the need for barbaric uses of protections such as guns is not nessicary. Guns can be unpredictable and almost 84% of americans have not been trained in gun safety. With the uses of modern day technoloy for individual protection, gun control should only be restriced to select forces of the goverment who are trained in using these weapons.A huge part of american culture is film, and if you were to ask people if violence and special effects involiving guns and other firing weapons were nessicary to a good film, one out of two would say yes. This point gets even more drastic then a 50/50 when i comes to videos games, once you past rated ""E"" there it is almost impossible to find a game with no use of guns. Taking gun use as a ""game"" only provokes the wrong use of these weapons and teaches the brian that guns can be an ""easy way or"" or a ""simple defense"". Not only do adults play games, so do children. My 11 year old brother is a avid player of the new first person shooter Modern Warfare2. This game is fast paced and above all violent, take a look in the video below.Modern Warefare may ahve the rating M but its very common for children to play these games. Some may argue that these ""train to be future military member"" but how does jamming down the ""x"" button until 2 in the moring make you a good soilder in training? Simple anwser, it doesn't. We cannot have guns in the same enviorment as play. Teaching people that firing a gun gives you points is not what they should know. Firing that gun kills another human being and will haunt you for the rest of your life.Infact you may have heard about how many soilders who come back from the war suffer from many phycological issues that in many cases cannot be completely cured. We should leave the guns to the people who need to use them. We as citizens need to be protected, not be armed. To keep the country both mentally and physically safe, we need to keep reality and virtual gaming seperate to keep are country togather. We need to restrict gun control."	AGAINST
2416	guns	"I have is that you have any say in what is reasonable.  You and your ilk for far too long have espoused the extremist views that any law will prevent anything.  Joel, you have yet to meet a gun-control law or proposal that you did not think was reasonable.  That is the problem.  Your reasonable is my ""what?, are you crazy!""  Further, if no gun law is unreasonable, pretty soon no guns, a total ban by any other name is still a total ban, will be achieved, to your delight and my families nightmare and, most likely, soon to be death.  So you will forgive me if I don't want you or your ilk anywhere near this debate.  You have one purpose in life, dressed up any way you want, of removing guns from the USA.  We will have to continue to agree to disagree."	FAVOR
2417	guns	"So it's OK to defend my home with a rifle or a shotgun, but not a handgun? So my 30.06 rifle, which when fired at an intruder would likely go through him, a couple of walls and possibly one of my   children   is a more sensible choice for personal defense than a .40 caliber handgun with jacketed hollow points that are designed not to go through a person? Not to mention the fact that rifles and shotguns require two hands to shoot and I might need one of those hands or may sustain an injury to one of my hands. So how exactly is a rifle or shotgun a better choice again? How does it make more sense?The fact is you are basing your opinion on possibly fear and definitely ignorance of handguns and the tactics involved with their use. They are without a doubt the best defense against a violent attacker for the very same reason they are the number one choice of them. They are small, easy to operate, lightweight, and can fire several rounds in succession with the need to cycle the action to load another round. If you fire at a criminal and miss with a shotgun or rifle and have to load another round, chances are he is going to have that weapon and use it against you in no time. On the other hand, with my gun, I have 17 chances to hit that bastard before he has a chance to get my gun. And it only takes me about 1.5 seconds to load another 16 round magazine and try again - about the same amount of time it takes to chamber another round in a shotgun or bolt action rifle.And to respond to the title of your last thread: ""But who wants to live in Kennesaw?"" If you mean the actual town, maybe you have a point, maybe you don't. I'm sure the folks there would say the same thing about Bombay. But if you mean in a place that has a   crime   rate so low and hasn't seen a   homicide   since 1989, I think you'd find plenty that would love to live in a place like that. So what's your problem with it? Don't like living in a safe community?"	FAVOR
2418	guns	Well said muffmonster36	FAVOR
2419	guns	guns dont kill people, people kill people, from a gunsdont kill people i do corperation	FAVOR
2420	guns	 Dirty South. We like our guns. Grenache nailed it. Guns are in the middle of the equation.	FAVOR
2421	guns	Some people cannot afford a dog. A gun is a one time investment, not counting ammunition. A dog you have to continuously feed, bathe, take to the vet, and keeping it alive. Besides, what will stop a robber from shooting your dog, taking away your protection and causing emotional pain(assuming you loved your dog)?	FAVOR
2422	guns	" A ban on assault weapons is not a slippery slope to an all gun ban. Most individuals seeking a ban on assault weapons just want assault weapons to be banned."	AGAINST
2423	guns	 My opinion has been stated by others...I'm just casting my vote.	FAVOR
2424	guns	"Once again, you're not reading very well.   The question isn't about   gun control  .  The question is: Do   guns   make you safer?    Alone?  No.Guns are not magical things that appear when you need them and tell you the future.  A seat belt is nothing like a gun.    It's like trying to compare apples with soccer balls.  Okay, they're round, but that's about all they have in common.    So you live in an area with medium traffic.   Again, at three in the morning, there shouldn't be anyone in your lawn, nor at your door.  Your dogs barking ARE a great deal of protection, regardless of the fact that they bark at you when you pull in the drive, and pee with delight at the mail man.  Not that I'm saying they actually do.     You're missing the point that without warning - a gun is just another item that is laying around.   About as useful as a shoe horn if you have no way of getting to it BEFORE you need it. That story?  Not exactly gives all the facts, nor are they accurate.  In fact, it's really hard to get a straight story.  One article says they came through the front.  Another says they burst through the patio. Some stories are posted on May 4th. Others later, and others earlier.    Not that it means it's not true.  But how did Tom get to his back pack and open it without arousing the suspicion of the gun-man?   Second, if someone bursts through a patio door at a party, do you think it wise to stand there like cows?   Third, why was Tom carrying a loaded gun around in his back pack where he could just whip it out and start firing?Fourth: If two gunmen separate the men and women and keep them in separate rooms, and Tom walks in to find the other guy about to rape his   girlfriend   - what were the other women doing?  A gun requires one hand, at the least. Of course you're going to say ""Having a gun saved ten peoples lives!!!""   You're going to be screaming inwardly that of course it made those people safer.  IF that story is even true.  We don't know.  But.  What happens if Tom had accidentally left that back pack on a bus?  The very point of having a gun is for the ""what if""s"" according to you, yet this is what you say gun control advocates use.   It works both ways, foamy.  I have guns for entirely different reasons.  They don't actually include the ""what if"" scenarios.  Nor does fear of death rule my life so completely that I ignore what common sense (which isn't exactly common) says and the rules of safety and carry my weapons around with me in a backpack.   Guns do NOT make you safer just by owning one.  Sorry.     "	AGAINST
2425	guns	Kelly,You need to do some research on the origins and the meaning of words when they were written into the Bill of Rights.  You also need to read the newspaper to keep track of current Supreme Court Decisions specifically Heller V District of Colombia where the Supreme Court decided the Second Amendment is an individual right and not reserved for the states so called militias.  Even if we didnÃ•t have that ruling if you looked up the definition of militia in US Law you would find that it is defined as any able bodied person between 17 and 45 that can be called on in times of crises to repel invasion or enforce the laws of the United States, so we could still carry weapons even with your incorrect interpretation. Going even farther if that didnÃ•t basically include everyone all ready and you looked into the 1770Ã•s definition of Ã’well regulatedÃ“ you would find that it is defined as being well equipped/supplied and has nothing to do with regulations or training. You should also look into who actually carries concealed weapons because you donÃ•t seem to understand who these people are. You would be surprised to find that itÃ•s not usually who you think. Doctors, Lawyers, Businessmen/women, Judges, College Students, Small business owners and other upstanding members of the community all carry concealed weapons because they recognize that the world is not a perfect place and that the cops arenÃ•t under any   legal   statute to protect any individual citizen (Warren Vs District of Colombia).  Remember to get a permit in most states you need to go through training, in all states pass a state and federal background check and be over the age of 21(also depending on the state) In the United States the ratio is close to one concealed weapon permit holder to every one hundred citizens.  All of the people I know that are concealed weapon carriers donÃ•t want to be lone wolf one person swat teams they would rather go about their business in a peaceful manner. They recognize that it might be better to stand by and be a good witness than try and pull some heroic crap and get themselves or others killed but when need be they have come to terms with the fact that they may have to kill another human being (or animal in this case) to defend their lives or the lives of those they care about. So sorry to burst your bubble that you believe that no   crime   can touch you but it can and those that wish to protect themselves are the only ones you are trying to hurt. The verbiage used in the previous comment is absolutely correct, the 2nd Amendment was written to keep the citizens of the United States free of Tyranny from any government including our own according to the Supreme Court and founding fathers. So please before telling someone else they are wrong or made something up do some research and then come debate, we will be more than happy to discuss any other issues you see with this piece of legislation that finally gives citizens the legal standing to uphold a right we already had.  Louis	FAVOR
2426	guns	"Worldwide the ownership of handguns has been correlated with higher homicide ratesIt has been empirically proven that among countries of the world the ones with the lowest private ownership of handguns have a significantly lower homicide rate "	AGAINST
2427	guns	So let me get this straight... Home invasions almost always means that they are just there for your stuff, that means that they are not going to rape your wife and daughter in front of you while you're tied to a chair then kill all 3 of you after they get their kicks then take your stuff? Uh, who's going to collect the insurance? Probably whoever is not at home durring that time I guess, or some other family members currently not living there right?	FAVOR
2428	guns	this is gonna piss my hubby off completely, but I'm against it. gonna break into MY home? watch the fuck out because i got my psycho-reflex-reaction to throw, along with some heavy decor,you'd wanna hope i ain't in the middle of ironing motherfuckers,this is my home get the fuck out....get my drift.....get some balls, not a gun. My lack of tolerance for asshole behavior by asshole people is the reasons why people should not be allowed guns.areshole behavior offends me and makes me snap and if i had a gun, and you threatened ME,i wouldn't kill you, ha ha ha id tie you up and hurt you lots instead.yes you wanted to come into MY home remember.See I'm a good reason why we shouldn't have guns.I once new an asshole,I'm talking heavy,with a heavy gang and lackeys up his arse for support, while held against my will for four days, tried to insist i learn how to use his double barrel sawn off shotgun. I'm a five-foot-four,size 10 woman.what was this dick head thinking? the following day the asshole and 1 of his lackeys forced me to enter somewhere with them and then because this organized gang weren't organized at all they decided to wait til it was dark again before leaving, the two idiots thought they'd take a nap while waiting for time to pass. i was packing shit as i crept on my knees, to the bag that sat on the floor beside the snoring asshole,the bag that held the gun they insisted i learn how to use the day before.but then i thought better & just rode it out. there was no way i would have been able to pull off what i was thinking.if they knew id even had thought about it they would kill me. but now if they ever find out and come for me again ..i know just how to deal with those assholes,i Learnt from the best-them!...p.s now about that taser,now thats good clean fun.	AGAINST
2429	guns	Suppose the CRIMINAL is your own Government ...Who would you fight against ???What is a Criminal ??? IT would be in the USA., anyone going against the U.S. Constitution ...IS there any of that going on  ??? Only the citizens can answer that one ,as they are the final say in the matter..ERGO malitia...	FAVOR
2430	guns	If you REALLY want to evaluate statistics, read John Lott or Ralph Cramer.  THEY have correct statistics.  One of which is; The actual number of weapons in America has INCREASED over the past ten years and the number of violent acts with a weapon has DECREASED. That alone belies the whole premise.The actual number of times that a weapon is used to prevent a   crime   is estimated between one million and two million times a year AND most of them did not require firing the weapon.	FAVOR
2431	guns	These may very well be legitimate statistics. However, BLZeebub hasn't provided us with enough information to even know that the 2% if of. All I am asking for is clarification.Is s/he trying to say that 10% of all police fatalities are of innocent victims?that 2% of all fatalities in a residential property are family or friends?And if so, what's the source? I can provide sources for very different statistics and so I'm wondering how they compare. If you want to have your arguments taken seriously you have to provide that much at least. If these are self-reported data from members of the NRA, I'm likely to take them with a grain of salt. If they are data lifted from government crime databases (such as the annual CDC reports) by a nonpartisan group, I'll take them more seriously.	AGAINST
2432	guns	"Studies that have showed the  murder rate has decreased were flawedThe methodology of the studies has proven to be flawed. This goes to show that when arguments are supported by studies that support that the murder rate has decreased their validity and reliability is undermined by a flawed methodology."	FAVOR
2433	guns	 If someone wants to kill someone else obviously they are going to attempt to kill them in some way. If its easier to kill someone with a knife then your fists they will use a knife if its convenient to get. If a guns easier to kill someone then a knife and its convenient to get then they will use a gun. You are right in the sense that if we make it more inconvenient to get guns they will be used less but that does not mean there will be less killings. Also for gun control to work we would have to take guns away from everyone which is against the constitution and i doubt the NGA-national gun association is going to get them up without a fight-legally of course.	FAVOR
2434	guns	"This is true, but not just for women.  In the case of a felonious attack by an armed assailant, a man is just as vulnerable as a woman.  I would also have to say that the victim deserves more than an ""equalizer,"" and in fact should have an advantage.  Most of these attacks happen outside the home; in dark parking lots, and other lonely, empty places.  How about let's change the rules?  How about handgun ownership automatically comes with a CCW (concealed carry permit)?  But it also comes with the responsibilities - that is, a handgun owner must receive extensive training - and I'm not talking about a couple of sessions at the local range - training in small arms for self-defense and situational awareness.  Ultimately, human life is at stake, and surely none of us wants a passerby hurt.  Imagine then how many criminals would consider a robbery in your local Mom & Pop, with the possibility of several armed and trained citizens inside."	FAVOR
2435	guns	" Since the ban, there have been fewer gun fatalities. ""Deaths caused by guns dropped from 38,505 in 1994 to 29,573 in 2001, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. While crime experts say the drop resulted from several factors, such as fewer gang shootings involving crack cocaine, they cite the assault weapons ban and other gun controls passed in 1993 and 1994 as among the causes""[2]"	AGAINST
2436	guns	I disagree that the study I suggested would be meaningless. If the study were carried out across a range of areas with similar demographics, in homes with and without   guns  , you could isolate the gun variable to a reasonable degree. Obviously you cannot control for all the extraneous variables and you couldn't categorically say that the rate in homes with guns is X% and in homes without guns it is Y%, but you would be able to determine if there is a visible trend difference. But to a certain extent you are correct in that statistics are easy to distort, and tend to be shaped by how the question is framed.	AGAINST
2437	guns	Who said anything about high school students? Concealed handgun permits require the bearers to be at least 21 years of age.	FAVOR
2438	guns	"There is a reason the Army uses guns. . . they deal with folks trying to kill them.  Peper spray and almost anything else ""non lethal"" is questionable at best as to if it will work.  If they attacker is high on something I almost guarantee it won't work.  Tasers are great but one shot maybe two. . . not good if my life is on the line - cops don't even use them if it is life or death.  Naumadd I wish we lived in a world your ideas would work in but we don't.  I have spent years learning Karate and if attacked and in fear of my life I still would rather have a gun to fall back on.  Only a gun let you deal with the bigger guy, the guy attacking a small woman, drug crazed, the armed attacker or the multiple attacker issue.  It also lets you stay out of reach of his knife or other weapon.  If I am in fear of my life there is no reason I should be forced to use anything less effective than a gun and risk further injury or death because what I use didn't stop the guy.  For now guns are the best we have.  Until something better comes along and we all get to set our phasors on stun then we should be allowed to have a gun if we pass the legal tests to do so."	FAVOR
2439	guns	Uhh, well, hell yes.We should all get used to seeing citizens carrying   guns  , just like in the Old West.The cops carry them.  Why shouldn't citizens carry them?  Citizens carry guns for the same reasons that cops carry them.  Self-preservation.I just don't see a problem with that.If you are uncomfortable seeing someone with a gun on his hip, you should stay home and watch the Disney Channel.	FAVOR
2440	guns	"The United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit stated in 2001 that, ""there are numerous instances of the phrase ""bear arms"" being used to describe a civilian's carrying of arms. Early constitutional provisions or declarations of rights in at least some ten different states speak of the right of the ""people"" [or ""citizen"" or ""citizens""] ""to bear arms in defense of themselves [or ""himself""] and the state"", or equivalent words, thus indisputably reflecting that under common usage ""bear arms"" was in no sense restricted to bearing arms in military service.[72]"	FAVOR
2441	guns	"Rulings that the DC handgun ban is unconstitutional A federal appeals court ruled on March 10th that the District's longtime ban on keeping handguns in homes is unconstitutional. For the first time a federal appellate court that declared that based on the 2nd Amendment the gun control law in DC was unconstitutional."	FAVOR
2442	guns	And what power would the people have without a gun to back them up ???	FAVOR
2443	guns	 No, there should just be a tiny little sheriff's office in every town. If teachers WERE permitted to carry guns in a classroom, they should be required to take a training class. But I would not trust some of my teachers with guns. Why do the teachers need GUNS. What's wrong with TASERS?	AGAINST
2444	guns	Think about it. Criminals will always have ways to get guns. So what other viable option will level the playing field 100% of the time? A gun.  And as far as accidental deaths are concerned, other inventions we made kill people. Take cars for example. I know cars have an adverse effect on the environment, but do you really propose banning cars? If this was the Medieval times, we would be having this debate about bows and swords. Guns are just another tool on the list that people can die by, but that doesn't mean we should get rid of them. 	FAVOR
2445	guns	 I agree with cephus. Gun control is a good thing. We do need to know how many guns are in circulation, who has them, how secure are the weapons and how suitable is the gun holder to have guns.  />   /> The issue as I see it is not about more laws making more killing illegal, it is about the control issues I raised above.	AGAINST
2446	guns	 Of cause,It is For self-defense not crime.	FAVOR
2447	guns	Why do you think the bad guys have   guns  ?  Because they want to take advantage of those of you that don't have guns....watch an old western it's not all about shoot'em up bang bang.  It's about protection from   animals   and humans that want to do bad things to you.  If you have a gun and know how to operate it properly you are more like going to feel safer with it than with out it...Ask a Cop...which would he or she prefer to walk around and try and protect people with or without a gun?	FAVOR
2448	guns	The issue of   guns   shouldn't even be brought up when talking about   suicide   any more than any other method. Numerous studies (by independant sources) have shown that even when guns are limited, the only thing that goes down is suicide by guns. The over all (successful, not attempted) suicide rate stays exactly the same. So obviously this isn't about guns, it's about suicide. Maybe once we start focusing on the real issue, we might actually be help to help the true victims and fix the problem. 	FAVOR
2449	guns	"It is every citizens "" DUTY "" to control a Government machine that becomes over bearing & does not follow the U.S. Constitution , that is why our fathers put & kept guns in the hands of the citizens...GET IT ???"	FAVOR
2450	guns	"""The facts are in and owning a gun makes you less safe. You are more likely to die from your own gun then to die from someone else   shooting   , stabbing or otherwise attempting to kill you.""I've provided evidence to contrary on this site on more than one occasion. Maybe you can be the first to provide evidence supporting this position. ""The problem is that enough gun owners are morons and it stacks the facts up in opposition to   guns  . ""Same comment as above. "	FAVOR
2451	guns	 These waffling pukes make me sick. You gonna wait on the cops to help you with the varmits breaking into your house. Hell no, you want a heater that will cool these varmits heels. Once you have a loved one raped, robbed, or murdered then you will get the root feeling of why it is better to kill the varmits. If someone breaks into my house, i am guessing they are not there to help me in some matter. Rather, they are there to hurt, steal, and rob me of my money and possessions. You wait on the cops to help you and I will take my weapon and settle this before the cops show up 30 minutes or even longer. You wimpy pukes just wait till someone bursts your dream of how things should be and you will want a way to protect your loved ones.	FAVOR
2452	guns	"In response to Marloma - a gun wouldn't necessarily have made a difference, but it *could* have made a difference, and an individual has the right to choose whether he/she has the means to defend themselves and make a difference where their personal safety is concerned.  Yes, the women survived, but at what cost?   Would you choose to be raped for 14 hours straight or would you choose to arm yourself and increase your odds of not being raped?  Why do you say ""More than likely they would have been less safe""?  Every day, ordinary Americans defend themselves from criminal attack through the display or use of a firearm.  It's a fact that if a criminal knows his prey is armed, he moves on and looks for easier prey.  It's another fact that if you ban guns, only the criminals will have guns.   And another thought in closing - when seconds count, the police are only minutes away.   Wake up, buy a gun and take responsibility for your own personal safety."	FAVOR
2453	guns	The tree of liberty must be watered with the blood of tyrants and patriots.	FAVOR
2454	guns	"This is a tough decision for me, but I would have to say students should not be allowed to carry concealed firearms on campus. Let me qualify that by saying I strongly support the Second Amendment and the right to bear arms. In this case, however, there are too many potential problems to warrant such a policy being enacted. First, most people simply lack the proper training to carry weapons. There would inevitably be people who would show off their shiny new pistols, and someone would get hurt. Then, not many people are expert marksmen. If a firefight ensued, I'd wager that some individual would ""go Rambo"" and start shooting everything in sight. If not that, then the stress of being shot at would relegate most people's training to the scrapheap, making them dangerous. In a firefight, one must make a split-second decision to acquire and fire. The stress might cause people to shoot the wrong person. Then you have the issue that possessing a weapon might actually turn someone into a target. Having that weapon might make someone feel invincible and heroic. They may stand their ground in hopes of ""saving the day,"" instead of retreating when doing so might make more sense. this definitely increases the likelihood of the attacker focusing on the individual pointing a weapon at him/her, and killing them.Probably the worst thing about allowing concealed weapons on campus is that it is a double-edged sword. Just like someone can carry for defense, someone else can carry for offensive purposes! Concealed carry could actually make it easier to get a weapon on campus in order to carry out a massacre. I guess the only thing that concerns me about this line of reasoning is that it isn't too hard to sneak a weapon on to most college campuses to begin with...still, I think allowing concealed carry on college campuses is a bad idea."	AGAINST
2455	guns	"Alternative measures can be taken in place of a ban to stem crime and murder. There are a range of ways to decrease gun crime and murder in a city, including greater background checks, making sure that bad people don't get guns, more police patrols, and various other alternatives. These steps should be taken before a ban, as a ban may be much more intrusive into the constitutional rights of citizens. "	FAVOR
2456	guns	 No way that would make it very dangerous!	AGAINST
2457	guns	" Assault weapons are used to kill a greater number of people. Assault weapons can hold and fire more rounds. This is directly proportional to how many people can be killed."	AGAINST
2458	guns	Never back down Your right on Silverfang838!keep up the fight!	FAVOR
2459	guns	It is physically impossible for the police to be everywhere at all times. Both Vtech and NIU had officers or some form of security on campus and shootings still occurred. At NIU the officers responded in under 3 minutes and still 6 people died. That is a phenomenal response time and people still were killed and injured. Not to mention according to the supreme court case Warren v. District of Columbia the police are under know legal responsibility to protect any specific citizen. So actually it is YOUR responsibility to protect yourself so no blaming the government for this one its all on you.These students are also adults you can only obtain a permit in most states if you are over the age of 21. I don't recall any stories where permit holders got mad and pulled their firearms to scare or intimidate off campus so why would it happen on campus.  That is already illegal to do so why does this scenario happen on campus if it doesn't happen off campus when these adults carry everyday. You are right college students have a lot on their plates but since we already proved it is their responsibility to protect themselves i guess they will have to deal. We don't advocate a permit holder to act as a one man/women police force and go after an assailant we just want the opportunity to defend ourselves when we are directly threatened. Also since you have to be 21 in almost all of the states I am not aware of many 21 year-olds that are just out on their own most are college juniors and seniors and they are adults who can already carry in malls, movie theaters, restaurants and in some states bars. They dont cause problems there so why is it that college campuses automatically make every permit holder a deranged killer.  	FAVOR
2460	guns	...as too many   guns  .  Child Death statistics are notoriously faked, referring to '  children  ' as old as 32 years old.A gun is no guarantee of safety.  Having a gun will not make you immune to others, no.  But it at least gives you a fighting chance.Deliberately helpless, or even a small chance to fend for yourself?DUH!	FAVOR
2461	guns	Sorry buddy. I googled your referance and found '0', nothing, nada, of your stats as stated. therefore what you say must be a lie. google GUN FACTS or GUN FACTS 4.0 or GUN FACTS 5.0 and get the REAL facts that are documented on every page. check these government sources out which are all public record. they disagree completely with everything you have put in your article. people if you want truth you must frequent where truth is told. Real! Honest! Proven! facts that are unimpeachable. anything else is a lie. the people who tell these lies are either BLANTANT DELIBERATE CRIMINALS WHO HAVE STOLEN THE TRUTH WHICH SHORT OF STEALING A LIFE IS THE WORST CRIME THAT CAN BE COMMITTED OR SOME OF THESE PEOPLE ARE MISTAKEN BRAINWASHED DUPES OF THE LIARS THEMSELVES. I am a sheep dog and proud of it. I am also a Christian and proud of it. unlike obummer i stood up and said i believe and was baptised. so i am not lying like his ilk and i do not pass the evil ones lies along. i fight those lies and i call the liars out. Christ has told me in the book that if I wish to protect myself and must kill to do so I am not a murderer. I am a sheep dog. I love my sheep. most of the people in the world are sheep. however there are also wolves. these wolves are the criminals who prey on my sheep. they are the criminals who kill my sheep. they are the criminals who maim and injure my sheep. they are the criminals who lie to my sheep in order to better prey on them. I do not like killing people and will not if i can get out of it. however if you prey on my sheep, I WILL KILL YOU IF, NECESSARY, TO MAKE YOU STOP. My dear sheep. Yes, I have fangs just like a wolf. Yes I am very capable of violence just like a wolf. However, just like you mr. or mrs. sheep, i cannot hurt a sheep except like you it is an accident. just like you an accident would devistate me. In reality I am a sheep with different abilities, some inherant and some acquired. I am a sheep dog both because i wish to be and because i cannot help myself. wolves are my enemy just as they are yours. i am your only defense. Do not pull my teeth. if you do we will all die. i will stilldo what i can to protect my sheep and indeed i will die doing just that just as many of us sheep dogs have died useing our teeth to protect you. without teeth we will just die trying and failing. get rid of the stupidity that the anti gun people have spoon fed you all these years. that stupidity will kill you.                WITH LOVE FROM YOUR LOCAL SHEEP DOG.	FAVOR
2462	guns	There was a reason we the people created the 2nd ammendment, the right to bear arms. We created it so if the government went tyranical on the people, the people will have a way to defend themsleves and try to overthrow the government. If guns were banned in America, it would leave the citizens helpless against the government.	FAVOR
2463	guns	thats what i said	FAVOR
2464	guns	"Safer from criminals or safer in protecting our freedoms? In plain and simple words, the Second Amendment allows American citizens the option of overthrowing a corrupt government if the need ever arises. The Founding Fathers saw how England tried to disarm the Colonials in order to control them. The wanted to ensure that American citizens would always have the right to own and bare arms, thus the words, ""..shall not be infringed"". The government should always fear the people, not the other way around. Other checks and balances were written in the Constitution for the people to use, but the Founding Fathers knew from experience that only citizens with   firearms   could truely be free. There are many elected people today that would have been hung for treason in the late 1700's. Many citizens today are fed up with the government restricting their freedoms. Treaties being made that are not in accord with our Bill of Rights and laws create ""permits"" and ""licenses"" to exercise our Rights go against preserving our freedoms. Laws are needed to punish citizens who abuse their Rights. Not laws that punish citizens for exercising their Rights. We've seen a great increase in firearm and ammuniton purchases. I don't believe that people are in fear of   crime   as much as loosing their freedom. I honestly believe that any new laws that restrict or limit the Right to bare arms will cause a second Revolutionary War. These anti-Second Amendment people know not what they do."	FAVOR
2465	guns	"I have no idea how many people have had some sort of ""fit"" and shot a relative.  While you're digging that up look into stabbings as well.  After that you need to find out about people who flipped out a little bit and committed no violence.  (I'll help out, I'm in that group.)  Then you get to compare it with the people who didn't even bother to call the police because they brandished a weapon and the threat made itself scarce.I couldn't begin to tell you what's wrong with the police chiefs, but I can share a couple tidbits of information:  CCW permit holders are five times less likely than the ""average"" citizen to be involved in a criminal incident.  The places with the most restrictive controls on weapons seem to have the highest crime rates.  Armed citizens have a much better record than the police regarding the accidental shooting of innocent bystanders.Me carrying a pistol would make you safer, especially if you don't know I have it."	FAVOR
2466	guns	  I recently had an epiphany of sorts, thanks to a video I watched by Penn & Teller called Bull$#it! 309 Gun Control.  I have read the Second Amendment and I thought I understood the meaning of the Second Amendment. I have listened to people, so-called experts on both sides of the   gun control   argument, express their ideas as to the meaning of the Second Amendment.  Now, IÃ•ve always understood that the need for and the purpose of the Second Amendment was for the PEOPLE to be able to rise up and defend themselves from a federal government becoming tyrannical and turning against the people.  Anti-gun people contend that the MILITIA referred to in the Second Amendment is a standing federal army or the National Guard and that the Second Amendment provides for same.  The MILITIA, in this case, is viewed by gun proponents the same as an armed populace that can be deployed along with a standing army (just as occurred during the recent Revolutionary War) in the event of attack from without.  However, I would suggest that the MILITIA refers to a standing army that the PEOPLE would have to defend against.  It is the comma after the phrase Ã’A well regulated Militia being necessary to the security of a free State,Ã“ that is at the center of the dispute.  That comma has caused a lot of misunderstanding, in addition to the brief wording of the Second Amendment. Two hundred years later, we donÃ•t understand the Second Amendment, in part because we have not recently fought a war of independence from an oppressive government.  Additionally, there is the fact that our use and understanding of certain words has changed during the last 200 years.  For example, consider the phrase, Ã’well regulated.Ã“ We may think regulated means Ã’controlled.Ã“ At the time the Second Amendment was written, regulated meant organized and/or properly trained.  Further, since that time, a well regulated militia of the people, organized and properly trained has not been maintained. On the other hand, the federal government has maintained a well regulated military.  Therefore, consider this interpretation of the Second Amendment:In order for the Unites States to be able to defend itself against foreign attack, a standing army is necessary that the people of the United States may remain a free people, a free state. However, because we are fearful that a central, Federal government, with command and control of said standing army, may, at some point in time become an oppressive government just as the one that we recently threw off, and may deploy said standing army against the civilian population, said civilian population, the PEOPLE, shall have the right to keep and bear arms and that right shall not be infringed by the Federal government.  I cannot ascertain the reason the founders chose to write the Second Amendment the way they did, however, I believe I now know exactly what they meant.  I suggest that you view Penn & TellerÃ•s video and you will too.  While some people may say that it would be fruitless to go up against our modern military with the small arms available to us, an idea that I may address at a later date, the fact is, the Second Amendment was written for such a purpose at that time and is still in place today. I will say that I find it hard to believe that the founders would have imagined that our military would possess weapons that the people would not have access to, either by denial or impractical to possess.  The fact remains that the government, by   law  , cannot infringe upon our right to keep and bear arms. 	FAVOR
2467	guns	i can prove that here: Oh and i used you in my Bibliography for my essay!	FAVOR
2468	guns	Your argument makes the supposition that gun laws are universal throughout the nation. The Highest murder rates, and violence rates involving guns in the US are (rather obviously) In large metropolitan areas. By referencing Scalia's decision, you cannot ignore the fact that, Washington DC, one of the most violent places in the United States, has extremely strict laws prohibiting gun ownership. Therefore, if gun laws worked, by your logic, wouldn't Washington DC be one of the safest places in America? By your logic, then Philadelphia would also be a very safe city.Gun Control is an attempt at treating a symptom of a greater ailment.  	FAVOR
2469	guns	"If the concern was to have a militia for national security or to combat tyranny, the collective meaning of ""keep"" would make sense. If collective security was the goal, and the existence of a militia was toward this end, then ""keeping"" weapons collectively would make sense. Why would it matter that individuals keep their weapons in their homes? It's the collective, communal, militia possession that matters."	AGAINST
2470	guns	"The DC handgun ban is made ineffectual by legal purchases in Maryland and Virginia. DC is very small and very close to Maryland and Virginia, making it very easy for people to legally purchase guns outside of DC and bring them in. It also makes it very easy for blackmarket sales to occur.  "	FAVOR
2471	guns	Guns in the hands of everyone creates the great equalization of those who would seek to harm others. Consider for yourself if you were on a New York subway and knew that most likely 50% of the people on the subway were carrying a gun, would you not be safer should some idiot think he or she was going to rob you or someone else? Criminals will always be able to get a gun if they are h*ll bent on doing so; equalizing the playing field is what will make them think twice before attempting to use it. 	FAVOR
2472	guns	I think that people should be able to have guns because they might need them to protect themselves if they live in a bad neighborhood and it is in the bill of rights.	FAVOR
2473	guns	"""every day innocent children accidentally kill themselves or are killed by another child"" - that is an outright lie at worst, and a complete stretch of the truth at best.  If you include children killed by gang members AND include gang members killed by gang members, then yes every day would certainly be true.  To make such a statement you have to consider everyone under the age of 20 a child & completely innocent.  If you want to end gang violence you need to lock up the gang members, not disarm law abiding citizens."	FAVOR
2474	guns	 It is for self defense and plus if someone is trying to kill you you have protection	FAVOR
2475	guns	Firstly, about half of all gun deaths are suicides. There are numerous studies that show there is no correlative link between suicide rate and availability of a specific means, let alone a causative one. So we're now down to 15,000 deaths a year, the vast majority of which occur in inner cities where highly invasive gun control laws are the norm. Clearly they are having no effect. In point of fact, there is not a single reliable and valid study out there that shows even a medium correlation between gun control laws and a reduced violence rate.	FAVOR
2476	guns	"Is this another attempt to cite a study or ""fact"" that when a gun in the home is present, including ones CRIMINALS bring in the home, a loved one is more likely to get shot? Shouldn't we ban swimming pools for the same reason?"	FAVOR
2477	guns	"""... when given the choice of killing or not killing, is it your choice to kill simply because its quick and easy to do so?...""Any situation which legally and morally requires the use of a firearm is by definition a situation of desperation and last resort. I note that this situation of last resort was created and forced up one or more by an aggressor who is *at that moment* employing deadly force against one or more individuals, who played absolutely no part in this situation of desperation other than merely being there.Now, having said that, there are always one or more factors which must be considered before you, the defender, even draws a weapon.  The 'intelligent' action is that which fits the situation: education, training and calmness under (major) stress are what let you choose your path through a situation in which people have been murdered with very probably more to follow.""...or we can put an end to violence in an intelligent way that preserves not only our own life but the life of one's attacker...""There are those who will not engage in any form of dialogue.  For ""reasons"" known only to them, action - meaning someone else's death - is the only course of action.  There are others (unfortunately), but I point to Virginia Tech as an example.""...I thoroughly disagree with the notion of fighting fire with fire...""There are many degrees of this.  A student does not do or turn in his homework.  A zero is entered: not an ""A"" because he meant well or was bullied as a child.  There are tens of thousands of other examples, but they *all* point to the same things: duty, obligations, agreements and consequences.""...A gun is the lazy brute's way out...""A gun is the lazy brute's way out for the aggressor.  For he or she who will oppose the brute whose non-negotiable position is (your) death, a gun is a tool by which to survive and very possibly allow others to survive as well.""...If we truly abhor savagery, let us not be savages to make our point..."" and ""...you lose all the same.""Only if you (we) employ the same reasoning(?) and approach as the aggressor.A couple of thoughts here.  In terms of responsibility and duty, carrying a firearm is every bit as weighty as having a family.  Your every action has to be weighed and considered in terms of effects on others.Before you decide to acquire a firearm, look inside yourself.  If you truly believe that should the most awful happen, you won't use it, then don't get one.  You will only give it to a *really* bad person."	FAVOR
2478	guns	The right of self means that your body is Yours.  It needn't be specified because it simply Is.  Just because your arms belong to you doesn't mean you can do with them whatever you wish... it means you cannot use them to infringe upon the freedoms of another.  That responsibility is yours.  We know that not all people are responsible enough to keep their hands to themselves.  The   abortion   issue is all junky and cloudy because it deals with the bodily rights and right of self while another person is INSIDE you.  You being a woman... that is.   The greatest responsibility is toward the protection of the self, apparently.   Ugh. If I keep going this will just take me forever because I'll just want to board this beautiful little train of thought. But No! I will not!This is not so junky.  Responsibility is acquired.  Apparently, this nation has a slow acquisition rate. Or just sheer obstinance.	AGAINST
2479	guns	And freedom can be lost with guns in the wrong hands. It works both way.	AGAINST
2480	guns	If someone breaks into a home the homeowner almost always has the advantage. They know the layout of their house better than whoever is breaking in. when it comes to real-life applications the chances of you geting shot are way less than 50-50. Look it up	FAVOR
2481	guns	"And why let our government be run by the same trial lawyers who put the same dangerous criminals back onto the streets?The same ones who put Obama into office, by the way.It's a familiar argument and a convenient excuse, ""we have so many laws we can't enforce them, so let's just pass a federal ban on them all.""Tyranny is always simple."	FAVOR
2482	guns	"Do you want to share the name and state of your Senator?Maybe the whole world should know that ""she"" declined your offer."	FAVOR
2483	guns	" YES BABY !!!  /   /> By all means, embrace fully the Constitutionally protected right ""to have and to bear arms"".  />   /> I am all for this side of this debate."	FAVOR
2484	guns	Kennesaw, GA passed a   law   in 1982 that required every household to have a gun. The last   murder   with a gun in Kennesaw, GA was in 1986 and the last   homicide   was in 1989, and was committed with a knife. Of course,   guns   didn't make them safer, right? 	FAVOR
2485	guns	"Since you are using the Roman alphabet and not Chinese calligraphy, then you too are spelling it wrong. Since you are translating from one alphabet to another, there is no ""correct"" spelling, only ""accepted"" ones. And both Zedong and Tse Tung are acceptable ones.And as far as ""needing"" arms to prevent cultural or political change, it depends on which side you're on. If you're the unarmed populace facing a heavily armed and oppressive government regime, you're not going to get the change you want just by wishing it. Even if you say, ""Pretty please with sugar on top.""  "	FAVOR
2486	guns	 The statement said EVERYONE should have a gun, which I am interpriting as ALL PEOPLE should have a gun.  But NOT ALL PEOPLE are fit for guns. (ex - kids, crazy people, convicted violent criminals)  Also the gang violence would increase because they can just walk with guns and cause gang wars to solve problems and the hate groups would use the guns for their own needs.	AGAINST
2487	guns	It is true that accidents happen and innocent people die when an irresonsible person leaves a gun in the wrong place around the house. Still, guns do not kill people, people kill people - sometimes by just leaving the gun accesible to an inocent child.  But we must keep our eyes on the big picture.  Our founding fathers knew what they were doing. They had not only vission but also experience - gun control that removes all guns only makes it easier for the bad guys.  The bad guys are not going to give up their guns, and they will be more willing to take a life to obtain anything they want knowing they are less at risk from retaliation from a would be victim.  To see what would happen at athe national level if you take away our right to bare arms just spend a couple of days in Mexico.  Just spend a few days in Monterrey driving a nice vehicle.  Crooks do not hacitate to jump you because they know that, unless you are one of the bad guys, you are not going to have a gun.  So they will even jump you with only a screw driver in their hands!  It is an unfortunate truth, but as long as there are human beings willing to take what is not theirs, people have to be able to defend themselves. 	FAVOR
2488	guns	I find it so absurd to think that we need to have 10 times more   guns   and rifles than the rest of the world!  Where did this fanaticism to own so many guns originally start?  Why do people need an AK-47 rifle or machine gun to go   hunting   for deer?  Its absurd!  The NRA is so far outside the mainstream now and cares nothing about being more reasonable and pragmatic!  They are so extreme in their thinking, that Pres George Herbert Walker Bush, a life-long member of the NRA, terminated his membership when they refused to agree to any sensible   gun control   measure including the Brady Bill!  We need to place strong controls on how many weapons can be manufactured and ration the number that anyone person can have!  Nobody needs more than 2 guns! Fines should be stiffened if not obeyed and if these fanatical gun owners don't like it who cares!  The government knows whats best for the American people when it comes to owning guns!	AGAINST
2489	guns	we would gain nothing from banning guns in america. guns are dangerous when people illegally use them why would we ban guns in america? to stop the violence and all the killings linked to them correct? and if killing people is already illegal what good is it going to do to make guns illegal. If you are willing to kill some one you probably don't care what you are killing then with is legal or not. The only people banning guns in america would hurt are the people that are defending there homes, business's, families. Since guns are already a lucrative black market making them illegal would make it worst. just like banning alcohol did to this nation. look how much money that made the mob it brought them into power. what do you guys think a black market surplus do?	FAVOR
2490	guns	"So here's one point we clearly disagree on - if the majority of your students don't want you armed in the classroom they are sharing with you, then I believe you shouldn't be armed. I would extend that to a city, state or nation. Guns allow people to perpetrate violence and kill other people on a large scale and with little effort. Their utility to   society   is negligible compared to anything else that kills at the same rate and yes, I'm assuming the ""millions"" of self-assessed crimes prevented by gun owners are in fact not real and that the true number is much, much lower. Since the most significant effect of your gun is on the people around you I think they get to make the call.My analogy of arming everybody was to refute your logic that we need a new approach to stop school shootings and that approach is to allow students to be armed at school. At some point funding the   police   better was also raised but didn't seem to get much airtime so I focused on why arming a civilian population, especially   college   students, was a bad idea. In general most people's judgment, even those people that pass a background check, shouldn't be used to decide who gets shot. There are alot of people I'd like to see use their drivers license as well, but luckily   cars   have been designed to not kill people. The exact opposite is true of   guns  . The ""cars kill alot of people so why not ban them?"" argument also tries to make an object with high social utility and some harmful side effects like a car equivalent to an object designed to kill people. All the drivers I've ever encountered have never tried to argue that the lethal ability of their car will deter   crime   and everyone should rest easier knowing they can run over anyone they sense is a criminal threat. Yet somehow you argue your personal ability to kill people with a gun should be protected because it involves the same level of judgment as operating a car.Please take the foreign country examples to their logical conclusion. No developed country (those with a reasonable chance to enforce things like a ban on   gun sales  ) has a gun or violent crime rate even approaching the US. The UK, Germany and Australia are all good examples. In the short term economic factors drive crime much more than gun ownership rates. And I'm sure stabbings went up as gun availability went down. I'd have to argue India, Mexico and South Africa are all developing countries where the rule of   law   is still evolving. You should measure their effectiveness of collecting   taxes  , enforcing building codes and stopping corruption while you're at it."	AGAINST
2491	guns	Uhhh? You ever heard of a black market, the illegal selling,buying, and distribution of contraband (weapons,drugs) illegally?	FAVOR
2492	guns	"Wait Brady...Arent these students advocating the right to carry on campus, since they ALREADY carry virtuallyy everywhere else  ??Why would opening the campus to Concealed Carry change any of these factors/variables ???We dont hear about alcohol being a problem with these folks that are carry ""concealed"" in their everyday life, what makes you think allowing these LICENSED students to carry in class would change anything that happens outside of class (the drinking and parties) ???"	FAVOR
2493	guns	laws were not created to protect people, they were created to punish people.	FAVOR
2494	guns	"The wonderful thing about a gun is that it isn't a booby trap or some uncontrollable death machine.  It is a highly controllable death machine.  Say the wife stands at the top of the stairs, levels her firearm at the intruders, and demands that they stop what they are doing and explain themselves.  The boys say, ""Ma, it's me, everything's fine!"" and the intruders either surrender, allowing the police time to get there, they go to jail, and no one gets hurt, or they try some funny business, in which case they die.  Having a firearm is not enough.  Knowing how to use it safely and effectively is just as important, if not more so.  There's nothing wrong with having an alarm, a dog, and a gun."	FAVOR
2495	guns	Some people crochet...  Some people build muscle   cars  ...I need not defend my hobby from arrogant and presumptuous sorts.	FAVOR
2496	guns	Same scenario.  Your boys snuck out and then snuck back in... and did a piss-poor job doing it, breaking a lamp.  Your wife is scared. She gets the gun out, and sneaks to the top of the stairs and shoots.  You will never know what this is actually like, hopefully...  but this is what happens more often than not.  If you're so scared of someone breaking in, you should buy an alarm and a get a dog.  	AGAINST
2497	guns	I support STOPHANDGUNVIOLENCE.ORGThey have helped Massachusetts take the lead in sensible gun laws.See for example,       It is against the law in Massachusetts for people to let dogs walk in fields or woods during hunting season.Keep your kids safe!  Keep the dogs inside the house for the first two weeks of December!Remember: If dogs are allowed in fields, kids could die!	FAVOR
2498	guns	" Darn Skippy!  There is no such thing as a ""Gun Free Zone"" where armed criminals are concerned.  To them, ""Gun Free"" Translates as ""Ample Pickings"".Law-Abiding citizens need to have the option of LTC to protect themselves against the ever-growing population of armed-and-violent criminals that are running our streets."	FAVOR
2499	guns	"""[T]his is what happens more often than not."" Can you provide proof of this? This ""you are more likely to kill a loved one than a burglar"" myth is nonsense. There aren't nearly enough accidental shootings in this country to support that statistic. And given the absurd support alarm companies give to their equipment, I think I'll pass. But don't take my word for it. Call the alarm company and ask them how long they warranty their equipment (3 months for the   big three   lettered one). After that, ask them whose responsibility it is to fix it? It's yours, by the way. And as for a dog, if they're so vicious that they'll attack a burglar, I don't think I want them near my   kids  . And I'd rather not pay the thousands of dollars and the years of training to get a dog that is properly trained.I think I'll keep my perfectly   legal     guns  . "	FAVOR
2500	guns	"Can you please provide a credible study that shows that more people are killed by   legal   gun owners than are killed by criminals using   guns  ? And how many instances of innocent bystanders being injured or killed by someone using their gun legally in the defense of their lives or the lives of their loved ones, especially when compared to those same situations where no innocent bystanders were injured or killed?Also, can you find a study that shows that   law  -abiding carry permit holders commit crimes at anywhere near the rate of the general population? I can only find statistics that show that permit holders are at least 100 times less likely to commit violent crimes, including those with guns.And if   gun control   is a   crime   and safety issue, then why does the anti-gun agenda continuously ignore credible statistics (not from the NRA) that show that gun control does not lead to a decline in violent crime? In fact, FBI statistics show a tendency in the opposite direction. Despite hundreds of federal and state laws, criminals continue to find ways to get guns. But you want me to give mine up so that only the criminals can be armed? I think I'll pass, thank you very much. Can you also provide the questions that were asked that pointed to the ""fact"" that the majority of Americans do not want guns on our streets? My guess is the question had nothing to do with legal gun ownership by law-abiding citizens who were subjected to background checks, state-mandated training, and hundreds of dollars in fees to obtain a legal carry permit.""No matter how many malls, schools, churches and public gatherings get attacked by gun wielding maniacs...""Gun wielding maniacs is right. There are approximately 1.5 million defensive uses of   firearms   every year. There are a couple of mass killings per year by ""gun wielding maniacs."" And these gun wielding maniacs will acquire their guns legally or illegally, whether you strip me of my right or not. But I should be left completely defenseless? I can't see a sane argument for that. "	FAVOR
2501	guns	I have a couple of questions on the statistics here, as it is not clear to me. First, does the DOJ include the 1.5M defensive uses in their calculations even if the   crime   is prevented, but still reported? For example, a gun owner pulls his gun in self defense, the perp runs, but the gun owner still reports it? Also, what about the   legal   use of a firearm to that injures or kills a perp, so the crime doesn't actually get committed? This would affect the overall statistics. I didn't read the whole PDF, so I'm not sure.Second, if there are 360M people in the U.S., how does 1.5M defensive uses per year equate to one use by every citizen every five years? (1.5M X 5 = 7.5M, unless my calculator is broke). You can't include the entire population in one statistic and only a portion in another and then try to compare them. You are saying that 62.64M people are victims of crime, but forgetting that not all of them use their weapon in defense.The actual percentage of victims that use their   firearms   in defense is around 2%, according the statistics you quoted (1.5M defensive uses / 62.64M crimes committed = 0.0239 or approximately 2%). That is, of course, assuming that all defensive uses are reported and included in the statistic of crimes committed. The assumption that gun possession keeps you safer is not false. 40% of criminals say they would not attack someone they believe to be armed. That equates to   guns   being a deterrent.And if there are 1500 accidental gun deaths per year on average but there are 1.5M (or approximately 1,000 times more) defensive gun uses per year, how exactly am I more likely kill myself or a loved one with my gun? I admit I was poor at math in school, so maybe you can help me there.And according to CDC statistics accidental deaths of ALL types rank 5th in the U.S. as a cause of death, with firearms being 8th among accidental deaths. That's pretty far down the chain. How about we focus on the first 4 causes of death, and then the first 7 causes of accidental death? That would reduce the mortality rate in this country significantly, while focusing on   gun control   would barely be a drop in the bucket.At the risk of repeating myself, don't confuse LEGAL gun ownership and use with ILLEGAL gun ownership and use. Those that possess a carry permit in the U.S. commit crimes at a much lower rate than the general population, even lower than   police  . For example, Florida has 1.5M carry permit holders, and have revoked 166 of them since 1996. That's about 0.01%. If only the rest of the general population was that   law  -abiding. The statistics for the rest of the country are similar, but this is one I knew off the top of my head.	FAVOR
2502	guns	"The championing of gun rights has a disturbing historical association with fostering inequality through violence The use of guns and violence is not a necessity, but a symptom of inequality and a culture of resolving conflict through violence.  Arms and violence are a disturbing symptom of socio-political power used by a segment of the population (some white male citizens) to subordinate Native Americans and African-Americans, or to sustain class and gender divisions."	AGAINST
2503	guns	The issue is that the army would likely split if we all went to extremes.  A serious civil war could occur but I don't believe this will happen.  (I would prefer a civil war to UHC however)Obama was indeed elected by a vast majority... a vast majority of easily convinced sheep people who went along with the trend for various reasons.  This   election   was easily the most intense and divisive I have ever lived through.  Many Americans voted for a socialist president (yes, I can rightly call Obama a socialist) against their true values.  Laziness or hatred of Bush or race caused a lot of people to vote against what they really wanted and valued in our country's leader.  That is why people are starting to go against him now, after following through with a few of his socialist promises (UHC).Personally, I wouldn't say the federal government turned on me. I would say America turned on me.  I am fighting to keep my rights and still people support socialism in America.  If anyone wants socialism, please feel free to move to a country that already has it in place.  Here, socialism is unconstitutional.  Yet I stand by and watch my freedoms disappear.As far as Obama and Pelosi not being out to control the world... why do people pursue   politics  ?  Oh, right. Power.Back to the topic of   guns  , every qualified citizen should own a gun and many should carry them.  This would do little to protect oneself against our overwhelmingly powerful government but it would do a lot to prevent criminals from trying to steal or   murder   or rape because they would be afraid of their own lives.I think the founding fathers would be disappointed with the state of America today.  Already people are eating out of the governments' hands. Literally.	FAVOR
2504	guns	 My teacher said if you threaten someone with a gun-unarmed- they are less likely to shoot you.  HOWEVER, if you have a gun, they'll shoot you first for fear YOU'LL shoot THEM	AGAINST
2505	guns	" I am against using the vague term of ""Gun Control"" because it is subjective.  /   /> Gun Control means to me:  />   /> -Registering weapons.  /> -Making sure nobody takes registered guns away from citizens.  />   /> The 2nd Amendment states ""a well regulated militia"" is ""necessary to the security of a free State""  />   /> If it's 'regulated' somebody should know.  Black market guns and secret guns aren't regulated.  />   /> In my opinion an unregistered weapon is a serious offense.  Much more offensive would be ignoring constitutional law."	AGAINST
2506	guns	"Current Black Market law only requires that cash be paid upfront on any purchase, including guns.  Criminals, terrorists, and mentally ill individuals can buy military grade, as opposed to ""style,"" as in, military looking, weapons, in amounts limited only by the amount of cash they have.  This law doesn't show much sign of changing.  Laws requiring background checks and such will drive those killers, and their funds, to the black market, allowing it to expand, rather than allowing growth in the legal economy.  This will increase the power and standing of illegal organizations and increase the amount and variety of goods available.  It's a terrible idea.  It does, however, have a convenient side effect.  It gives the Federal government a list of all legal gun owners in the event that it should ever confiscate all guns.As far as ""temporarily insane,"" untrained teenage lunatics wandering around shooting people, we aren't saying that all students should be allowed to concealed carry at all.  The permit for concealed carry is actually pretty tough to get, requiring actual classes be completed and passed, criminal background checks, etc.  All of that is fine for a concealed carry permit, as opposed to actual ownership, because criminals even though criminals won't bother with the permit, idiots will, and those who would engage in drunken gunfights would be weeded out.  Even tougher permits could be required for concealed carry on campus.  As far as arming teachers, why shouldn't a teacher have the right to defend him/herself?  I don't know the South Africa case, but I'm sure the tension in the classroom had to be pretty high for a teacher to believe a student was pulling a gun out.  Someone who had taken classes to get a concealed carry on campus permit would have known to tell him to freeze and put his hands up before firing.  The gun is for last chance situations, for example if the firearm is being brandished or fired.  You also make the absurd assumption that parents wouldn't want to send their children to a school that gives them the ability to defend themselves, as opposed to sitting helplessly awaiting execution, in the event of an emergency.  That could easily be put to the test.  Give schools the choice to allow or disallow concealed carry, and see which schools attract students and which do not.In your final agrument, you make a feeble attempt to justify a confiscation list, that would allow the government to remove the citizenry's last defense against tyranny."	FAVOR
2507	guns	 You support the police getting higher powered weapons to defend themselves against felons, why should law abiding citizens have the same chance to defend themselves?	FAVOR
2508	guns	That is completely ridiculous. If guns were banned, people would get the elsewhere (ever heard of the black market???) and the law abiding citizens would be defenseless. And world peace??? There is no way that's possible right now no matter what you ban. Guns are not the only way violence is carried out. Do your research.	FAVOR
2509	guns	the brady campaign is a dangerous organization!  They seek to change our constitutionally guaranteed right to keep and bear arms.  The second amendment is very clear on its intent.  It is to protect us from our government should it become our enemy which happens worldwide.  where we live it takes cops a half and hour to arrive in the event that your life is in danger. The right to self defense is a god given right,not necessary to get permission from the brady communist campaign to protect our own life.  these people that support the brady bunch would have done well when adolf hitler was in power. use violence to subdue the citizens and if they dont agree with you,kill them.	FAVOR
2510	guns	"My sense of the Pro Gun/ Anti Gun disagreements are mostly because each side is referring to something different. What makes that important is each side seems to be doing the wrong things for the right reasons. It seems to me we (both sides of the alleged issue) should get on the same page.The anti gun folk are concerned about firearm violence and see outlawing or restricting   firearms   as a solution. The pro gun side doesn't want bans and further restrictions. The problem is both are missing the mark. The problem is violence. Both sides would be overjoyed if the problem of violence were addressed. Proposing outlawing or restricting firearms does not address violence. Supporting 2nd amendment rights does not address violence. I think you see where I am going here.There is a goal displacement in the issue(s) and proposals to resolve them. Nowhere in the anti gun proposals are any solutions to violence and a whole raft of other issues that are not addressed by the application of anti firearm legislation. It may me my mental defects that cause me to question why would anyone want to do something that can't possibly work and only tends to irritate folks who are not a threat. It is one of them there ""Same action, same result."" It's gotta make you wonder.  Like Einstein's definition of Insanity: doing the same thing over and over, expecting different results."	FAVOR
2511	guns	Guns are meant to be in the hands of law enforcement who are trained to use them not in the hands of college students. The fact that drugs and alcohol are often used on college campuses is the first indicator that guns should not joining this dangerous mix. The result would not lead to more safety but to more tragedies. A person who has been using drugs or alcohol is not fit to drive a car so why would they be allowed to use a gun? It seems that in our haste to feel safe on college campuses all we would be doing is creating more problems. 	AGAINST
2512	guns	There is NO comparable Country ..The USA is unique to it's own LAW...What are we independant from if not the rest of the Worlds' thinking...Who is it that built a Country to be the envy of the Nation ,those who all want a piece of the pie...American pie...We have been the Country who now has to spread the wealth..Wher are the rest of you & your wealth ?? Pass some our way...The World used the USA to handle their problems...I give & give ,yet you want my gun....Cut it out .... 	FAVOR
2513	guns	There are over 20,000 gun control laws on the books. Is that too few??Remember:  NO law can prevent anything!!	FAVOR
2514	guns	I've seen statistics, research, and anecdotes supporting both sides of the debate, so until there's real proof one way or the other, it comes down to what you believe.  I happen to believe that guns do not make us safer, in general, but because the evidence is ambiguous, and because the Constitution protects our right to bear arms, I oppose overly restrictive bans on firearms.Ah, so what do I mean by overly restrictive?  I think a person ought to be able to have a handgun in their homes.  Sports enthusiasts ought to be able to shoot targets at firing ranges.  And hunters ought to be allowed to have rifles and shotguns.But I just don't understand extreme right-wing objections to things like background checks.  Of course we'll never completely prevent criminals from having guns, but at least we can make it hard on them.  We could devote our political energy to a lot more important things if we could just agree on some reasonable compromises here.  All you gun rights supporters, get over your fear that all your rights will be taken away, and accept a few reasonable restrictions.  And all you gun rights opponents, accept that guns in the hands of ordinary citizens aren't going to go away completely, just like drinking didn't go away during Prohibition.  And let's get on with things like, I don't know, figuring out how to reduce the national debt.	AGAINST
2515	guns	Just people kill people. Children would not wonder what a gun does if they are exposed to guns and people tell them the proper way to use them. Its the children who are shielded from guns that try to play with them and don't know what to do, that cause trouble.	FAVOR
2516	guns	"A handgun is uniquely valuable in self defense in one's home U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit ruled, ""Essentially, the appellants claim a right to possess what they describe as 'functional firearms', by which they mean ones that could be 'readily accessible to be used effectively when necessary' for self-defense in the home. They are not asserting a right to carry such weapons outside their homes. Nor are they challenging the District's authority per se to require the registration of firearms.""[3]"	FAVOR
2517	guns	this sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks bals	AGAINST
2518	guns	"Constitutional right to bear arms applies to DC residents as much as citizens of other states. Some argue that Washington, DC is not a state, and so the constitutional right to bear arms does not necessarily apply. Yet, DC residents are United States citizens, even if they are not citizens of states. The constitution and the second amendment apply to them as much as to other citizens. The right to bear arms is a right conferred to all US citizens equally, including DC residents. If we assume that the constitution provides an individual right to bear arms, then we should assume that US citizens residing in DC receive the same privilege to exercise this right as do other citizens."	FAVOR
2519	guns	" Gun-training for pilots would be easy; they face a simple scenario Dave Kopel &amp; David Petteys. ""Air Neglect"". National Review Online. July 2, 2003 - ""It should be remembered that an armed pilot resisting a hijacking faces a much simpler scenario than a typical defensive shooting by an FBI agent, a police officer, or a citizen with a concealed handgun permit. These latter three must be prepared for surprise attacks, and for the possibility of using firearms in any of the hundreds of places where a person might be during the course of a day. Law-enforcement officers must confront the additional difficulty of being forced to intervene in situations (such as domestic disturbance) in which it may not be immediately clear who is the aggressor and who is the victim. In contrast, the armed pilots would only use firearms in a place they know extremely well: their own cockpit..."" "	FAVOR
2520	guns	" Semi-automatic assault weapons are often misrepresented Semi-automatic assault weapons are weapons in which one pull of the trigger shoots one bullet. These weapons are commonly used at shooting ranges and in hunting. Yet, they are often misrepresented as ""machine guns"" with heavy destructive force. "	FAVOR
2521	guns	2.>>>>>>> Like most rights, the Second Amendment right is not unlimited.It is not a right to keep and carry any weapon whatsoever in anymanner whatsoever and for whatever purpose:<<<<<<< For example, concealedweapons prohibitions have been upheld under the Amendmentor state analogues. The CourtÃ•s opinion should not be taken to castdoubt on longstanding ****prohibitions on the possession of firearms byfelons and the mentally ill***, or laws forbidding the carrying of firearmsin sensitive places such as schools and government buildings, *****orlaws imposing conditions and qualifications on the commercial sale ofarms.******Which is, essentially, what I came up with.  But the right to legislate these restrictions is left to the state.   D.C. isn't a state.   So...  This is my limit.  I don't know know enough about the government workings of D.C. (choo choo, all aboard that curiousity train)  If there is a ban, there's a ban.  Perhaps it would simply better to be a criminal in this case...  if you really feel that you cannot protect yourself without a handgun, practise civil disobedience responsibly.   Again, I don't see the need for handguns unless you're a police officer... .   I have rifles and shotguns, these are adequate protection in my home, and they are the last things I list in home protection (since the best protection is prevention). 	AGAINST
2522	guns	The Police can not be everywhere at once.  They are often outnumbered by 500 to 1 or more.  They do the best they can but they are not your personal body guard.  When seconds count, the Police are Minutes Away.  For this reason it is your personal responsibility to have & train with the tools necessary to secure yourself & your household.	FAVOR
2523	guns	I wish more people would see it that way.I well never back down from the grovernment. Freedom is what made the USA great.And I will not give up my freedoms lightly. 	FAVOR
2524	guns	"This comment should be under the comment instead of on the ""arguments for"" side. This side is for your individual comments, as to debate with you, guns should not be aloud in the hands of citizens because it is the gun that kills the people, the person. If the person was responsible, you could take the gun out of the situation and someone would still die, this is not true. The gun is what is directly taking the human life. To say that quote is false is just commonly statisticly untrue, as stated in my argument Against; ""For example, during a year when over 5,000 teens and children died from gun wounds in the USA, in Great Britain, where gun ownership is very restricted, 19 teens and children died from gun wounds."""	AGAINST
2525	guns	"While you might be correct that   guns   will be banned, though I certainly hope not, to say we will get rid of guns is misguided and ignorant. If you, for one second think that criminals will be denied guns just because they are legally banned, you are not in touch with reality. Look at the   drug war  . Cocaine is illegal today for use by anyone, but you don't see that slowing down the use of it, do you?And thank you so very much for resorting no name calling and insults. It only serves to validate my point and paint you as an extremist who cannot be swayed by facts or logic. You're making the job of those who need to ""evolve"" much easier. And maybe when YOU grow up, you'll see what I mean."	FAVOR
2526	guns	"A strong majority of DC residence support the DC handgun ban. A Georgetown University poll found three out of four city residents supported the DC handgun ban."	AGAINST
2527	guns	"Even if a background check is preformed and comes out clean, most americans have no history of gun safety. Also, though americans may be ""law abiding"" they still are animals and have natural reactions, there is NO human alive that hasnt been startled before or scared. Its those feelings that provoke gun use as a defense in the first place. If you want defense against intruders, try a home alarm system, a loud barking dog will even warn you without killing someone. If you want to stop someone, use another form of defense like a taser. Some people may say, but what if they have a gun? If there was gun control, that couldnt be the case, yes there will always be violent people, but without guns there would be less dead people. At school no one has a gun, its just how it is, and in the cases where one was entered into the environment, there was a set plan to stay safe and the deaths are obviously lower from that event, then they would be if guns were aloud daily. Guns make room for emotional mistakes and kill the need for restraint. I do think gun control will help this country and i am not mistaken. If criminals keep their guns, they wont be able to use them. Why? People if no one had a gun in an area and one single shot was heard, the whole area would be on alert for that one shot and the gun would get confiscated. In countries like great britan where there is strict gun control, this happens all the time. If we just assume its useless cause we have some criminals and just have to bare arms to balance it out then its just twice as dangerous, two lefts don't make a right. Anyone that is considered a ""criminal"" is on record by the US government and will be searched before the citizens for that reason. The government is smart enough to realize that criminals would have guns, its not something thats just overlooked."	AGAINST
2528	guns	"The topic that should have been addressed here was Should Guns be Allowed in National Parks!  From the comments I read posted for most of the past week, the discussion has gotten way off the topic, and into a whole different thread for debate.As for the concept of   guns   being carried in National Parks, it should be a non-issue.  For starters if you take the 2nd amendment approach, what part of ""the rights of the people shall not be infringed"" do you fail to understand. Next, States are the authority that regulate the rules for Concealed Carry permit holders, and should apply to all areas not specifically prohibited by each state.  If a National Park is in a state that allows concealed carry then it should include the parks as well.  Aside from the obvious, concealed carry is   legal   in a growing number of states, so for those ""afraid"" of coming into contact with or being exposed to a gun, you already are on a daily basis in about 40 + states the last time I checked. I personally carry during majority of my waking hours, both in my own home and in public, with the exception of when at work or   church  . In my county, in Michigan, the last statistic I heard was the average for LAW-ABIDING CITIZENS with permits to carry concealed is about one in twelve.  I follow the rules, but I also challenge bad laws and rules when they are clearly violating my rights, my safety,  and conflict with the Constitution Of the United States of America!  I still happen to think that is the way our country should conduct it's affairs.  Remember, it's only been about the last 60-100 years that people have given up open carrying in most places, and many states including mine, still LEGALLY allow it.   I will still carry a gun either openly or concealed depending on the circumstances and location, if for no other reason than I still can, and in my opinion a right not exercised is a right lost by default!  The narrow minded individuals who wish to restrict or take away my rights, will have to do so when they pry the guns ""From my cold dead hands!"", even if that has become less socially acceptable and not politically correct."	FAVOR
2529	guns	"It's fascinating that the ""eastern"" perspective points out that you're safer in an authoritarian,   human rights   abusing country.   Sure, you're less likely to get robbed by A-Thug-With-A-Gun, but you're more likely to get killed by your government if you speak out."	FAVOR
2530	guns	Gun bans are extremel effective in ensuring that people who scrupulously follow   the law   remain unarmed.  Regrettably, gun bans tend not to have much effect on people who don't care to follow the law.  Not surprisingly, the end result is that violent criminals can ply their trade knowing that the full force and majesty of the law is doing its best to guarantee them an ample supply of unarmed victims.  If I were a professional robber, rapist or killer, I would be in favor of   gun control  , as it would be a simple matter of workplace safety for me.	FAVOR
2531	guns	Why does every political figure in the world surround themselves with firearms, and with armed guards?Answer - because guns make them safer.  They don't just make them feel safer, they make them safer in an undeniable, concrete way.  You can even ask Barack Obama this question.  The only HONEST answer he could give to explain his belief - that he should have guns but everyone else should not - is that his life is more important than are the lives of the rest of us.  About the only people who feel less safe around guns are those who are afraid of guns.  Fear hyperbole rules their views on this issue.	FAVOR
2532	guns	 If guns are freely available then gun crime, and death/serious injury from guns will be much higher.  It is as simple as that.  The guns don't kill people, people kill people statement that is trotted out is such waffle.   People cannot shoot someone without a gun just as a gun cannot shoot without a person to pull the trigger.  It is the combination of the two that kills.   There is no need to have guns.	AGAINST
2533	guns	Guns dont need a rule book, people need to be trained in what they are using and most citizen have never taken a gun safety course. People do have rights but they should not have the right to end someones life because they were scared the MIGHT loose their own, and thats the self defense argument. If you wanna feel safe there are so many less barbaric and deadly options then a gun. We are humans, not deer. If you pepper spray and tase an intruder, what more can they do? They cant see or move...so they cant shoot you and they are still alive. We do have a free country, we should make it safe too.	AGAINST
2534	guns	Was there another point that you wanted to make?  Yes 8400 deaths anually by   guns   in US but 46500 by auto.  So what, I already stated that is an acceptable number.  We also have a higher   murder   rate per capita total with or without guns.  All the more reason to own one.  And the freedom I was speaking of was my freedom to own a gun, which you other nations have lost.  Which seems to have done you no good there in Australia.  I guess since self-defence is not accepted as a reason for issuing a licence to own a gun there -    You are #1 just above the UK and Canada.	FAVOR
2535	guns	Not that this is any surprise, but you obviously don't read things fully, nor very well.What good is your gun going to do you when there's already someone in your house with a gun pointing at your head?   How are you going to get your gun then, sugar pants? I have   guns  .... do you think they magically appear in my hands whenever I want them to?  Do yours?  The whole point is that guns do not make you safer.  They are not magic charms that will prevent people from doing harm to you.  They do not tell you the future.   They are a measure of protection that only works IN CONJUNCTION with other things.  With out those other things, your chances of actually getting to your gun go down significantly.  My dog (passed away last winter) never attacked anyone at all.   But he barked at unfamiliar   cars   and people .....   and coyotes....    Dogs don't have to be vicious to alert you to the presence or an about-to-be-presence of a stranger in your home or yard.   Also.  It's not that cool to recommend yourself.	AGAINST
2536	guns	"The victims were not murdered with their own guns but with the guns of the intruders and the poster surmises that the victims are better off having a gun to defend themselves? Since they DID have guns and they are STILL DEAD, I'd have to believe that the victims would have been better off if there were laws that kept the guns out of the hands of intruders.  Hello?  ""In other words, virtually all the victims were NOT murdered with their own guns!   They were killed Ã’by intruders who brought their own guns to the victimÃ•s household.Ã“"" Alas, the victims would have been better off having a gun to protect themselves. """	AGAINST
2537	guns	Betty, you have gotten everything concerning private ownership and the meaning of the Second Amendment so wrong I don't know where to start. However, since you seem so good at lecturing everyone on things you obviously know nothing about let's start with the error that is the easiest to correct.There is no such entity as U.S.S.C. or United States Supreme Court. I think the entity that you meant to refer to is the Supreme Court of the United States or SCOTUS.Now that we have determined that you only think you know what you are talking about and so arrogantly presume to lecture people who actually do know what they are talking about, perhaps you would take the time to actually research your topic prior to making a fool of yourself.This has been covered so thoroughly (even on this web site) that I can't believe the debate even exists. If I have the time I can destroy every argument that you have presented. You might consider reading this:     /	FAVOR
2538	guns	ohhhhhblooodyhell, Hours later me and me hubby are still debating this and its really starting to shit me....he is really starting to change my mind... someone please gimme a gun...;)	FAVOR
2539	guns	"My favorite example of how   murder   rates are culturally-set is the six ""Founding Fathers"" pictured on US currency.  As with inner city minorities now,  they had a dueling culture.Thus,  ex-US vice   president   Aaron Burr killed  ex US-treasury secretary Alexander Hamilton ($10 bill), in a duel.  Similarly,  US President Andrew Jackson ($20 bill ) killed at least one man in a duel,  perhaps more.  All with   guns  ,  naturally.These days,  high-level US politicians no longer kill each other.  So there is hope for us all yet."	FAVOR
2540	guns	Hi Countryboy: By unloaded and locked up I'm aluding to sensible firearmsafety: If you are in a camper or motorhome, keep your firearm in a se-cure toolbox, closet, cabinet or under your matress...Keep a magazine ofammo somewhere nearby but known only to you or another adult companion.In this manner, there is no accidental or kid's-curiosity gunfire. Ifyou need to respond to an emergency, you can do so but nobody else isable to shoot your firearm...Packing heat around a campsite or having aloaded piece laying around can attract trouble...Enjoy the park: If youaren't comfortable with people there, move to another campsite or informone of the rangers of your observations/concerns...Aaron..	FAVOR
2541	guns	"I think it's funny to suggest that there may be confirmation bias on the part of NRA supporters who call the conclusion of the Hepburn and Hemenway study into question.  One might use the quote: 'None of the studies can prove causation. They merely examine the statistical association between gun availability and homicide.'  One might use this quote as IF the Hepburn and Hemenway study DID find causation, they would AGREE with that causation, which according to their own POV, they WOULD NOT.  May I suggest that the ""causation"" mentioned is to keep the researchers from having to face endless witch-hunts?  You know, when you disagree, sometimes people tend to get violently 'passionate' with you.Of course when one side uses a document like the Constitution as the basis of their moral arguments, a document written by white slave-owners who imposed martial law to restrict the freedoms of millions... then one will always be correct in their assumptions of safety and freedom behind the barrel and the bullet."	AGAINST
2542	guns	The numbers of   guns   in the United States vastly outnumber the population of the country (300 million).  I am shocked to read news   headlines   mentioning the incidents involving young people and handguns. Nowadays it's not uncommon to read about   teens   killing other teens and adults in gang shootings, robberies gone bad, carjackings, or botched drug deals.   The recent-history murders of   church   officials around the country and   college  -campus massacres of innocent people should serve as a reminder that gun violence in the hands of unstable people has gone too far, and government must do something to at least cut back on this pandemic before it consumes all of us.  I believe that the Second Amendment of the   U.S. Constitution   is not a carte blanche to allow anyone uncontrolled access and use to   firearms  , but rather is a protective measure to ensure the protection of citizens during times of war at home.  In other words, I do not believe that the Constitution writers would have allowed unstable or questionable persons to have access to these weapons of mass destruction.  And neither should we.  	FAVOR
2543	guns	"It depends where you live, work and play. As for China,,I work with Chinese people and I was in China. One of them asked me ""are you allowed to own a gun?"" I said yes. Then he asked me ""Do you own one?"" I said no. He asked me why, and I had no good answer for him. "	FAVOR
2544	guns	"""Good for you for having an alarm and a dog and for educating your   children   that   guns   are not toys and on responsible gun ownership. Thanks""""I scared a persistent Jehovah's witness (was't loaded..).""Now that is too damn funny."	FAVOR
2545	guns	I read somewhere on here:'A student will get drunk, get into a fight and shoot someone.'That's some sharp logic there, Hawking. How about being a little more open minded? Consider a few things, if you will:-What responsible gun owner would bring his weapon to a keg party?-A majority of legal gun owners are smart people. In other words, NOT STUPID. They're not going to whip out their guns and wave them around with the safety lock off. Most legal gun owners have acquired their weapons legally BECAUSE they have the training to show for it, and are psychologically sound individuals who have the ability to stay calm and level-headed in a time of crisis. -In case you haven't noticed, gang members don't bother leveling and shooting. They run around blindly shooting without looking. And you wonder why innocent people get hit by stray bullets. -Did you ever consider the many people whose lives have been saved because they happened to have a gun? A would-be thief is not going to mess with you if you've got your gun trained on him. Hear of the 85-year-old woman who held a gun on a burglar and made him call the police? She could have been injured or killed had she been unarmed.-Virginia Tech -- had there been a student or teacher on campus who had had a gun, they might have been able to stop the killer. But no, everyone had to wait for 33 people to be shot before 'help' arrived. Last but not least, consider the 2nd amendment, which protects the individual's right to own a gun. And in case you people didn't know, the 2nd amendment is an integral part of our Constitution. Ban weapons and you've got millions of law-abiding citizens (aka sitting ducks) for all the country's vicious gang members and general scum of society to terrorize while the government lays down thousands more laws to restrict the populace. 	FAVOR
2546	guns	" A constitutional right to bear arms is not subject to reasonableness standards A right to bear arms is constitutionally enshrined. As such, it cannot be qualified for the purpose of practical considerations. Legislatures cannot regulate parts of it according to some ""reasonableness"" standard; the right is immutable. The earliest published commentary on the Second Amendment by a major constitutional theorist was by St. George Tucker, also known as The American Blackstone. He authored a set of law books in 1803 that annotated Sir William Blackstone's Commentaries on the Laws of England (discussed at length later, under Colonial Rights), for American use, and that formed, in many cases, the sole legal written works read by many early American attorneys.[44] Tucker, the leading Jeffersonian constitutional theorist, was widely read, even by those who rejected his interpretation of the Constitution. In footnotes 40 and 41, he wrote: ""The right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed. Amendments to C. U. S. Art. 4, and this without any qualification as to their condition or degree, as is the case in the British government.""[4]"	FAVOR
2547	guns	" I'm for Gun elimination, let the law and   / military have them, the city where the President signs laws is flooded with gun crimes, and that's practically the tour  /> capital of the world, now the murder capital of the country. This is where they legislate such laws, in D.C. Babies own the guns, Babies that can't even vote yet,  /> And in D.C. Babies are dying, that's like arming the middle easterners, then saying  /> ""Hey they have weapons of mass destruction, "" Let's arm ourselves and go get them.  A weapon of mass destruction is a child with a gun."	FAVOR
2548	guns	For too long, people who have been safely and responsibly carrying   firearms   for personal protection in states containing   national parks   have been required to surrender that right at the park borders.  The newly enacted Coburn amendment allows carrying on national park lands only under the same laws and restrictions as are currently in force in surrounding state lands.  There is absolutely no reason or evidence to expect   law  -abiding gun-carrying people to suddenly become crazed killers or poachers simply because they cross an invisible, imaginary boundary line.  On the other hand, there is every reason to believe that   the law  -breaking people who currently carry illegally off of park lands will give a bit more thought before committing crimes on park lands now that potential victims have the potential of fighting back. If the National Park Rangers truly believe that self defense is not an issue in national parks, why is every Ranger I've met armed?  I know the answer to that and so do the people from Freedom States Alliance.  The only Rangers who opposed the Coburn Amendment were the politically appointed management wonks in Washington, DC.   Two national parks are within an hour's drive from my front door.  I regularly come into contact with Park Service rangers and speak with them on a personal, unofficial basis.  And everyone of the men and women on the ground was and is in favor of the Coburn Amendment because they are the first to admit that bad things can happen to good unarmed people.	FAVOR
2549	guns	 The question of what they mean to Americans is simple in my experience. It is a matter of taking care of yourself. I do not rely on the government to feed me, drive me to work, tell me what to believe, what to read  or what to say so why should I rely on them to protect me? I grew up in the Long Beach and Los Angeles area and I was in college there during the Rodney King Riots and I can tell you that the people who fared the best were the ones who were armed and made sure the looters knew it! I grew up in a household that had many firearms (some of which were fully automatic as my father was with the Bureau of Narcotics Enforcement for 30 years). Not once were they ever misused. When the night fell and we could see the fires we readied our arms and kept vigil through the night in case the rioters came near. The police could not help us if someone showed up (the police did a valiant job but were horribly outnumbered). It was up to us and we all knew it. The only restriction I agree with is that automatics should be licensed because in the hands of the unskilled they can have unintended consequence. I do not have a problem with hi-cap mags though as they level the playing field when a civilian comes up against full auto firing felons. I do not believe the police should use full auto either as you should only shoot as quickly as you can aim. Criminals do not have to account for every shot they fire but police do. Give them hi-cap semis just like we civilians have. I have had extensive experience with full auto but would prefer a semi in a fire fight. I worry when the government starts telling me what I can and can not have. They say they want to get guns out of the hands of the criminals, well so do I! But how is limiting the rights of law abiding people going to do that? Criminals break the law - that is why they are called criminals. I would rather have everyone in a room be armed than only have the criminals have weapons. 	FAVOR
2550	guns	" The 1994 US assault weapons ban significantly decreased use. The use of assault weapons was down 17% from 1994 levels in 2004, according to one report."	AGAINST
2551	guns	You people are idiots.When someone walks into a bank and holds it up... how does your gun make you safer? When someone shoots you from a highway overpass.... how did you your gun make you safer?When someone walks into your home in the middle of dinner... how will your gun make you safer?Do you walk around with holsters and your six-shooter?  What the fuck is this.... 1886? Did their   guns   make Them safer? Or wait.... was that when everyone DID have guns... out in the open? Yes. Yes it was.  And were they safer?No. They weren't.  Guns do Not make you safer.   Just like a basement keep you safe in a tornado unless you have advance warning - the same applies to a gun.   Having one doesn't mean you're safer unless you have advance warning.	AGAINST
2552	guns	Are we worried more about violent crimes, or just crimes with   guns  ?  Does it make sense to expect that   crime   would go down with less guns, or merely that gun crimes would go down with less guns?  It seems to me that crime is the issue, not guns. Let's look at some facts about gun usage:        	FAVOR
2553	guns	Words that no one EVER wants to hear.  When you say, --if guns were illegal--  I feel you, but it is a fact that they DO exist and to wish otherwise is just so much fantasy.  The world can be an ugly place and to know and understand this is the only REAL defense.  To accept where you are is to know how to best proceed.  I believe in the right to keep and bear arms as well as the right to choose to leave your protection in the Ãlimited-- hands of others.  But if you abdicate your responsibility in deference to the state, then you get what you get--fat campus police in swat gear hiding behind trees while your loved ones are being gunned down inside.But I don't believe that guns in book bags are the answer either.  I would advocate a --volunteer only-- campus home guard.  It could be staffers, faculty and administration.  The college could vet, set parameters and police them.  In the cases cited, it was an individual who understood lethal force and used it in defending the innocent.	AGAINST
2554	guns	"Howdy Hecate,Until the Justice system starts handing down penalies that suit the crime and start removing the criminal element from society, I just keep my guns.  I will stick to my clinging ""to religion and my guns,"" and Obama can keep his ""change.""  Now that is something you can take to the Bank."	FAVOR
2555	guns	"""Just because allowing students to carry concealed weapons works in Utah doesn't mean it's going to work in every other state.""Just what is different from the people outside of Utah that will cause this to fail????"	FAVOR
2556	guns	Well look at prohibtion in 1919 and on, also known as the Volstead act. Alcohol was completely banned yet everybody still drank. They found ways to drink. People had to brew underground, and drink in underground bars, but it happened. Even major Authorities including police and judges were found down there. The same things would happen with guns, and who would be the people to illegally own guns? Not harmless hunters, but gangsters and other criminals who are dangerous with such weapons. It is still going to happen. Maybe we just need tighter gun laws when purchasing them.	FAVOR
2557	guns	"Pilots should be armed with stun-guns, not real guns."	AGAINST
2558	guns	"First, I've always wondered how and why the possession of   guns  , protected by the 2nd Amendment, is prohibited on Federal properties.  As DC v Heller made the point, if the 2nd protects anything it protects the right to own   firearms   from Federal infringement.Secondly, the panty-wetters crying in fear at the thought of   law  -abiding citizens possession firearms on federal park land under the exact same laws and regulations as the surrounding state lands are demonstrating a very childish attitude.  They'll ""be afraid to visit   national parks   knowing that people can have guns?""  How can they now find the courage to even travel to those parks knowing that they must traverse state lands where people are allowed to carry guns?  How can they manage to control their fear while shopping in local stores, walking local streets, or sitting in local theaters knowing that the state already allows people to have guns.  In my own county in a state which has had   legal   concealed carry for only the past five years, approximately 1.54% of the population has a concealed carry permit.  According to a local deputy, when one subtracts those under age or with criminal records, it's closer to 5% of the eligible population. That means that one out of every twenty adults one meets might be legally carrying a gun.  And no problems are in evidence.  How would that change if the land in nearby national parks is added to the area where those people can carry legally?  And why should it change?"	FAVOR
2559	guns	Violent criminals fear an armed citizen more than they do the police!!! It is a fact they will target Women,Children the old the unaware but they will not target an armed citizenThey know thier chances of survival u[pon attacking an armed cicizen are slim to none! Take away our   right to bear arms   and the criminals will have all the   guns  ,They do obey the law in the first place!	FAVOR
2560	guns	I really can't imagine a situation where someone who is unstable enough to think that shooting someone is a good idea, but stable enough to maintain a criminal history clean enough to legally buy a gun, and who doesn't own a gun and is mad enough to  go find a gun store, pick out a gun (without appearing to be a nutcase to the gun shop people) spend a couple hundred dollars, fill out the NICS 4473 form, wait for the background check, then go back and find the person they are mad at and shoot them....but not so mad that they wouldn't still want to shoot them a couple days later.   Is there  evidence that people with clean criminal backgrounds commit murder with guns they have bought at a licensed gun dealer in the last 10 days in any statistically meaningful numbers?  On the other hand, I've seen stories of someone who needed a gun to protect against a nutcase, but was killed before the waiting period was over.  Thankfully a rare situation, but more common than what a waiting period is theoretically supposed to protect against. 	FAVOR
2561	guns	"2nd Amendment rights did not extend to all ethnic groups in terms of initial practice Although the early American documents proclaimed equality for all and a right for all to bear arms, in actuality, this was not the case. Native Americans, African Americans, and other visible minority groups were not given the same rights as those white Americans who immigrated from Europe.  Lynchings and other acts of injustice based upon racial difference occurred well into the twentieth century, so it is a misrepresentation of the facts to say every individual had the right to bear arms for self-defense.  For much of American history, a large segment of the American population did not even have basic human rights, let alone the right to bear arms. "	AGAINST
2562	guns	"The English Bill of Rights included legislative restrictions on the right to bear arms. Oral arguments in DC vs. Heller. March 19th, 2008 - ""JUSTICE GINSBURG: If we're going back to the English Bill of Rights, it was always understood to be subject to the control and limitation and restriction of Parliament. And I don't think there's any doubt about that. And that's what we're talking about here, are legislative restrictions."""	AGAINST
2563	guns	To begin, letÃ•s look at the issue again. The issue is whether or not students should be allowed to carry handguns on college campuses. Two of the three examples you have cited are of adults carrying handguns to protect the children and two of the three examples are also citing instances on high school campuses, not college campuses. So to take out the two misleading examples, we are left with an example of law school students using their personal guns to stop a Ã’rampageÃ“. In this one instance cited, personal handguns were of help in a dangerous situation. And this argument is not to say that handguns are not helpful in certain situations. But when students carry handguns on college campuses, the level of danger is increased. In such a manner, any student may pull out their weapon and use it as a threat legally because handguns would be legal. With handguns legal on college campuses, students have the means to shoot and kill, to take away someone elseÃ•s life, right at their fingertips. Self-defense is one thing. But when does the power of carrying a weapon overcome self-defense?Secondly, a Ã’research pollÃ“ from 2000 found that 85% of Americans found it appropriate for a principal or teacher to use a gun to defend students. It is true. The majority of Americans want the lives of their students at school protected. But 85% of Americans have stated that they believe it is appropriate for a principal or teacher to do so. Not a student. If the students are the ones with the weapons doing the shootings, is it really sensible for the students to be allowed weapons legally at school?	AGAINST
2564	guns	guns just help people kill each other but its not the guns fault it has no control of its self people choices to use the gun in crime	FAVOR
2565	guns	 I'm British. Our halfwits find it reasonably difficult to get their hands on a gun. Ours carry knives.   /> By the same reasoning, all should carry knives, whether we go to the pub or shopping, we should all be tooled up. Your granny should take a machette to the womens guild. Just in case...  /> If all were to carry a gun, every Saturday night would be the gun fight at the OK coral.	AGAINST
2566	guns	First off- Kudos to you for commenting on a thread 8 months later. I'm not joking either, that definitely shows your passion for your point of view. I respect that immensely and thank you for input, however much I disagree with it.With all due respect, I won't ask my classmates a damn thing, nor do I care about your suggestion of surveying them. I do not ask them about their activities, and they won't ask me about mine. So long as everyone is operating in a manner that is non damaging to other people and is   legal  , I could care less.And who grants someone the right to shoot at will? are you assuming because you have a gun you'll use it? Do you run pedestrians down with a car when your driving because the opportunity exists? that is a farce of an argument and you know it. If it were true, legal concealed carry permit holders would be committing mass homicides in droves already- and that just does not happen.and who said arm all students? where did that come from? no where. you invented that. No one is advocating arming everyone. it is not a logical conclusion to my argument or any argument I have seen presented on behalf of the pro-gun community. Arming everyone is a setup to your argument about criminals and   guns  . Its leading and you know it. I have more respect for you than that, don't try to slip that by me either- its kind of insulting.Why not let those people who are deemed capable by the state and pass the necessary background checks, classes, and other required steps to arm themselves- as they can everywhere else? that is what I'm suggesting. Your arguing fiercely, but your not arguing against my points. Your fighting points that your making up. and if all this violence would erupt as soon as guns were introduced, why hasn't that happened at the schools that allow students concealed carry? its been years since the students have been able to exercise their rights, and yet no incidents. . .your new approach isn't new. it failed in Australia, England, south Africa, Mexico, India and Germany. Your idea of getting rid of all guns is completely unrealistic and nothing more than an impossible fantasy. Your suggestion will fail as miserably as prohibition did.Self defense by the way, does not remain intact. Nor do my constitutional rights. Your right about criminals still having access to guns- and   military   grade ones. Why not disarm good citizens?  You want me to defend myself with a knife or a   taser   against criminals with long guns and handguns? Really? thats your idea of adequate self defense?Citizens are not going to be armed 'likewise' to the military. another made up argument on your part. You show me where citizens can buy   law   rockets, grenades, claymores, gaos,  c4, and whatever else. If bans worked- Mexico wouldn't be having the violence they have. And I know you followed the news to know that despite what early reports said, most of those guns confiscated did NOT come from US civilian markets. The military stuff came from corrupt officials outside of America doing backdoor deals for weapons given to those countries by us for their national defense. Your suggestion does nothing to fight corruption. I do not think that the availability of guns as you describe it will ever dry up. Corrupt people in key places will always exist- as will human ingenuity. A determined person can make some really nasty weapons pretty easily with things available around the house that can kill or hurt an awful lot of people. You can't legislate away all of these things. It is impossible.lets assume your right- and reducing   gun sales   will limit criminals- then why did fatal stabbings go up in England after a gun ban, when violence across the board ALSO went up? if knives are so much less lethal, why did it kill more officers?Your willing to trade our rights and our lives for a future Utopian dream that will not, i fear, ever happen. I cannot agree with your assessment. We both want the same thing- less criminals committing acts of violence, we just disagree on how to accomplish it. I have yet to see anything that is remotely convincing to show me that guns cause higher levels of violence. Everything that seems to even begin to point that direction has imaginary statistics and completely misleading (intentionally) statements.I feel your assessment shows a lack of trust in your fellow citizens- and one I do not agree with. 	FAVOR
2567	guns	If   Penn and Teller   get it, why are you having problems with it?    	FAVOR
2568	guns	I fail to see how this is different then obtaining a concealed weapons permit in most states already? All states require a background check, most require you to have no history of mental illness(I am assuming this is all states but I couldn't find statutes for all 50 states so I am just saying most), you must be 21 or older, and most states require some type of   firearms   safety course before you can get a permit. So the chance of gang members and those that are mentally insane getting a permit anyways are incredibly remote if not impossible already. You are just adding another layer of ridiculous requirements onto something we are supposed to have a right to anyways. You also forget that those who wish to carry a weapon illegally on campus will do it no matter what   the law   says, so those that are going to get permits aren't the ones you need to worry about. Those gang members and/or mentally insane wont go through all those requirements they will just carry on campus anyways, they don't care what the laws are. If they are planning on hurting or killing someone why would they care about the laws saying they aren't allowed to carry a weapon on campus?As for the population numbers you must remember that the ratio of concealed weapon permit carriers and normal citizens is about 1 out of 100. So while I believe campus would be safer if over a 1/4 of campus carried as you propose it would never happen. Also you have to take in account the fact that you have to be 21 to obtain a permit so that takes about 80% of the student population out of the equation to begin with. That doesn't even bring in the part about why you are restricting the rights the other half of teachers (or 3/4 of students). What makes them any different from the others? Also why do you believe teachers deserve their rights more than the student body? Like I have said on here before what makes a 27 year old first year teacher different or more deserving of their right to defend themselves than a 25 year old veteran coming back to school? I am not saying its a completely bad idea its just that everything you stated is already being done at a state level so why repeat it. Its just another level of government restriction on our right to keep ourselves safe. 	FAVOR
2569	guns	" An assault weapons ban leads to a slippery slope of gun seizures"	FAVOR
2570	guns	First, I am not using a gun as my last line of defense. I'm using as my first. What are you going to do? Ask the guy who's invading your home for a timeout so you can upgrade from a slipper to a knife, then from a knife to   baseball   bat, then from a bat to to a gun? No, come prepared for the worst, and hope for the best. Second, Silverant, why are you going to chamber anything? You should have it locked and cocked and ready to rock. (Sorry, couldn't resist a little cheese). Seriously though, if you have an empty gun, sell it and get a free rock. ;-)	FAVOR
2571	guns	I recommend you get sober or take a happy pill and stop debating with high schoolers who can form better thoughts then you.	AGAINST
2572	guns	"Rep. Michele Bachman recently stated that she wanted an ""armed and dangerous"" citizenry in the event of imposed carbon   taxes  .  I used to be against gun ownership, I now support gun ownership in America.  Carbon taxes are the last straw in the Government intervention of people's freedom.  I endorse gun ownership by right-minded people in America, and I change my opinion completely. "	FAVOR
2573	guns	there a lot out there that are. More than you can count.	AGAINST
2574	guns	"Handguns would be of little use to a militia fighting the US military. The notion involved in the ""militia"" clause of the 2nd amendment is that it is important for citizens to have the right to form a militia in order to combat a tyrannical government, and presumably its army. In the modern day, this would require that a militia be capable of mustering powerful firearms, including tanks and bazookas, such that they could combat the modern power of the US military. Based on this interpretation, what use would handguns be to a militia, whose inherent purpose is to combat or check the most powerful military the world has ever seen? The handgun would provide negligible use to such a militia, and so has little value in upholding any right the 2nd amendment offers to individuals to form a militia. This makes the banning of handguns in Washington, DC of little consequence to the integrity of the 2nd amendment's militia clause. "	AGAINST
2575	guns	i dont even see it could come across the mind of any intelligent person that people who are innocent dont use guns to defend themselves, thats like saying if someone broke into your house to rob you and they didnt know you were there that they wouldnt want to kill you therefore having a gun could protect you from a scared criminal.	FAVOR
2576	guns	One of the BIGGEST violators of civil rights. Why? No guns. They don't have too much to worry about their people fighting back. Do you really want that here?	FAVOR
2577	guns	You mannaged to find an irresposible parent that owned a gun.First I will give you that the parents were negligent in not securing the firearm in a safe place. That is the only place your opinion is worth reading. A firearm is an inanimate object. Like My Dad,My GrandFather, and my Drill Instructor told me many years ago. A firearm is stupid. It can NOT do anything until a human tells it to do it. I have raised four   children   and I have quite a few   firearms  . I am a Right to Carry Holder and my children have not shot themselves. These parents failed to maintain proper safety, and I feel sorry that this happened, and they will be tormented for the rest of their lives for being stupid about proper safety proceedures. No matter how you slice it ypu can not make stupidity illeagal. 	FAVOR
2578	guns	it is possible depending o how you use the gun it may get you killed because it might make you look threatning to someone else and then they could shoot you whereas it might be a good way to protect ourselves 	AGAINST
2579	guns	The chart Elliott R cites does nothing to determine how often guns save lives either.  	FAVOR
2580	guns	Doesn't mean they're wrong!Facts are stubborn things...check out this link:     	FAVOR
2581	guns	 If you made guns illegal, then only criminals would have them. Leaving us defenceless.  Also a well armed populace is often more difficult to subjugate.	FAVOR
2582	guns	"I own   guns  .... but I happen to know they do not make me ""safer"".  I own guns because I hunt.  Anyone who says guns make you safer is naive.  .....Peace."	AGAINST
2583	guns	"Okay, I'll play! You say it's a tough decision then go on to say no the students don't have the right to carry. Then you go on to state that Ã’most people simply lack the proper training to carry weapons.Ã“ Do you know what it takes to get a CCW?1.Applicant must be 21 years of age or older2.Applicant must be a law-abiding citizen of good character3.Applicant has not been convicted of a felony4.Applicant has not been convicted of any crime of violence5.Applicant has not been convicted of any offense involving the use of alcohol (If it was more than 5 years ago, you may qualify for the permit.)6.Applicant has not been convicted of any offenses involving the unlawful use of drugs or other controlled substances (If it was a misdemeanor more than 10 to 15 years ago, you may still qualify for the permit.)7.Applicant has not been convicted of any offenses involving moral turpitude8.Applicant has not been convicted of any offense involving domestic violence9.Applicant has not been adjudicated by a court of a state or of the United States as mentally incompetent, unless the adjudication has been withdrawn or reversed.10.Applicant must perform a handgun safety handling session before a Utah CCW instructor unless the student as at least one of the following:       * Certificate from NRA Basic Pistol course    * Law enforcement experience    * Certification as an NRA Firearms InstructorHandgun training in military serviceSome states require a psychological examination as well. So it's not just some person willy nilly getting the permit and your fears are unfounded. Then you go on to state that many people are not expert marksmen... private citizens have been shown to make fewer mistakes in identifying an assailant and then hitting said assailant than the police. You CLAIM that the stress of shooting will cause a private citizen to shoot the wrong person... and yet there are very few documented cases when compared to accidental police shootings.     /    I carry CCW... noone knows and the last thing I am looking for is to get into a gun fight. Every other CCW holder I know is of the same mentality. I think you have watched way too much TV my friend. Owning and carrying a weapon is a very big responsibility and it is not taken lightly by any of us that carry. Anyhow your premise that an attacker will focus on an armed resister... patently wrong. In over 80% of cases recorded, when confronted by an armed resister armed assailants decide they want to be somewhere else and quick and they will leave in a hurry without ever engaging the armed resistance. Go here to get some real life stories of people actually defending themselves...     Probably the worst thing about allowing concealed weapons on campus is that it is a double-edged sword. Just like someone can carry for defense, someone else can carry for offensive purposes! Concealed carry could actually make it easier to get a weapon on campus in order to carry out a massacre. I guess the only thing that concerns me about this line of reasoning is that it isn't too hard to sneak a weapon on to most college campuses to begin with...still, I think allowing concealed carry on college campuses is a bad idea.Double edged sword? Think this through and read the following very carefully, people that bring unlawful (no legal CCW) onto campus are the ones that have the ill intent. There has not been one recorded incident of a CCW initiating any type of massacre. Not one, your fear is unfounded. Illegal carriers tend not to pay attention to those things called laws. That's why law abiding citizens with a CCW are so effective a deterrent. Now think about this real hard, you want to ""make a name"" for yourself by killing as many as you can then capping yourself. Now if your intended victims are all unarmed and you know this, then you know that you can succeed and since schools are stupid because they tell students to play dead or not fight back. In other words instead of teaching survival skills they are training students to be lambs at the slaughter. Anyhow so since there is no credible threat, they can go on killing spree and most likely succeed.Now the same scenario but the rules are changed in that the targets you have selected have the right to carry. You don't know who is packing and who isn't. Your odds of getting far are pretty slim. Slaughter is stopped before it even happens, and not one person had to pull a gun. Just the thought that armed resistance was a real possibility would be enough for any rational person.Oh and last bit, almost every massacre in the United States and Europe (Germany just had another one... and they have strict gun control!) has happened in a gun free zone. Think about that next time you go someplace where guns are not allowed..."	FAVOR
2584	guns	The Brady people are typical of many others.  Ignorant, but passionate.  They have a right under our   constitution   to campaign for the repeal of the 2nd amendment.  I am far more concerned with judges who allow them to influence their decisions (read empathy) so that the 2nd amendment is not upheld.  Our empathetic judges can see words that don't appear on paper when it comes to privacy issues that don't exist in the words of the constitution, but can ignore the plain language of the 2nd amendment.  Don't worry about the Bradyites, work to get politicians elected who will appoint judges who can read. 	FAVOR
2585	guns	"You said:""And I disagree that there should be no laws on the books. There should be laws about the ILLEGAL use of   firearms   and consequences for those uses. And those laws should be strictly enforced.""But when you look at the actual crimes: assault,   murder  , etc. you see that there are already laws punishing such acts.  Is killing someone with a gun somehow worse than killing them with a rock?  If you ask me, the thought of killing someone by bludgeoning them to a wet and messy death seems far more nefarious and evil than bending a finger at 17 yds. Yet the finger-bending has attached to it a far stiffer sentence.  Yet the opposition calls these laws ""common-sense"".  And we buy into it? Really?""But, what about acquisition laws for felons or the mentally unstable?"" you might ask.I am on the fence here.  I suppose that a person who has been convicted of killing someone else, if they failed rehabilitation, should be barred from gun ownership.  But what about the rehabilitated felon?  Do they deserve to lose constitutionally protected rights?  "	FAVOR
2586	guns	 I hold a degree in Actuarial Science and Quantitative Risk Analysis and I can tell you without any doubt that stats can be made to say whatever the presenter wants them to say. I grew up in a house with many firearms, some automatic, and never had an incident where either I, or one of my sisters, ever misused one. We were taught at an early age to respect our folks and obey them and that meant not to touch the firearms without their permission. I am currently a Loss Control/Risk Manager and can tell you that there are many dangers in your home that pose a greater risk to your children than firearms. I remember watching a mother on a talk show talk about how her teenaged stepson broke into the parents locked bedroom and retrieved their pistol and accidentally shot her son and paralyzed him. She said that both of the children were victims and the fact that the pistol was in the house was a tragedy waiting to happen. Is there no personal responsibility anymore? One thing I do not understand about the gun argument is that many of the anti-gun people who would rather see 100 innocent people deprived of the right to a firearm if it could prevent 1 criminal from misusing it are the same people who would rather see 100 criminals go free than see one innocent person go to jail. Does this make sense to anyone?	FAVOR
2587	guns	"The second amendment is a combination of two different rights that are dependent on each other Oral arguments in DC vs. Heller. Mr. Dellinger  ""Now, what I think is happening is that two different rights are being put together. One was a textual right to protect the militia. I think the better argument for the -- for the other side, for Mr. Heller, is that the amendment's purpose is militia protective, but it was overinclusive in the way that several of you have suggested, and that is that, as the court below said, preserving the individual right, presumably to have guns for personal use, was the best way to ensure that the militia could serve when called."	FAVOR
2588	guns	Keeping your weapons locked and stored is part of being a responsible gun owner. Especially if there are children in the home.  Aaaand at any rate, there's no constitutional guarantee that says these things cannot be legislated.  By the state or.... apparently... a non-state. 	AGAINST
2589	guns	Shooting first and asking questions later is the worst solution. While having a gun safely away from where the kids can get it can be good, it shouldn't be your first defense. 	FAVOR
2590	guns	If you do an internet search on the Brady Bunch you will find that they do advovate totally disarming the entire population. There are probably a number of reasons for this so just consider this one possibility: the belief in a utopian society. I am always concerned when people push Utopia. It is unattainable except at the cost of the people. I would not care to live in the sterile environment of such a society in which freedom lost is the cost. Further, consider who the allies of the Brady Bunch are: DiFi, Carolyn McCarthy, Chuck U Schumer, et al. Research their anti-gun positions.	FAVOR
2591	guns	One of the many reasons those men signed the Declaration of Independence.	FAVOR
2592	guns	"The decline in assault weapon use is due mainly to a decline in assault pistol (APs) use: According to a 2004 report to the National Institute of Justice, ""The decline in the use of AWs has been due primarily to a reduction in the use of assault pistols (APs), which are used in crime more commonly than assault rifles (ARs). There has not been a clear decline in the use of ARs, though assessments are complicated by the rarity of crimes with these weapons and by substitution of post-ban rifles that are very similar to the banned AR models."""	FAVOR
2593	guns	"if you need to take the ""time to find your gun if you are taken hostage"" i surely hope you do not have a gun and more importantly have anyone who would do something bad if they found it."	FAVOR
2594	guns	" Rifles and shotguns are as effective as handguns in self-defense There is little evidence that a handgun is a more effective as a means to self-defense than a rifle or a shotgun. At a minimum, there is nothing to suggest that a shotgun and a rifle are ineffective as self-defense weapons. Some suggest that a shotgun is actually a superior choice for purposes of self-defense as it is a more devastating weapon to an assailant than a handgun, which may only slightly impair an intruder.  "	AGAINST
2595	guns	 Guns don't kill people people kill people, I'm sorry but that's just a poor excuse pandered around by the gun  lobby. Sorry guys but guns kill people, a gun is a tool to kill, not protect your family, kill. Stop living in this sugar coated fantasy and wake up all gun ownership should be controlled, and even banned.	AGAINST
2596	guns	Sorry but I have never ran across any one as left as you.Why would any one want to give up any of there freedoms.Freedom is what made this country Great!When someone trys to take any freedoms from any America that is when there on the fighting side of me. Americas have died so you can have your freedoms! So why would you wont to take other Americas freedoms away?   	FAVOR
2597	guns	My wife and I were sitting at home watching tv one evening when we noticed something moving outside of our living room window.  As we continued to sit there, we noticed that there were two men looking in our living room window.  They looked in and then moved away.  It was not long until they were back.  This time they stayed watching for a longer time.  I picked up the phone, dialed 911.  The operator told me that it would be 15 to 20 minutes before an officer could get to our home.  Not knowing what was to come, I went to the bedroom and got the shotgun.  When they came back the third time, I leveled the shotgun at the window.  I did not fire.  However, they did leave and did not come back.  Later that night, they broke in and raped a women a couple doors down from us.  Do I believe in guns saving lives?  Yes, I do.  	FAVOR
2598	guns	" .... I think that its no wonder there are so many gun crimes in America for the simple reason you all have ""The Right To Bear Arms""  />   /> what you do not know however is that for a good while now, people have been wanting to try and change your constitution, but its just far too difficult for to do this as your procedure is not at all by any means straight forward, i know hunting is a sport or whatever (don't agree to that either but hey) but having guns makes it easier to shoot people and cause many deaths think about that young girl recently who killed people at her school???"	AGAINST
2599	guns	How about the murder per capita??  It is about the same as The rest of the country, no??  Maybe a little less-they have to walk a mile to find a neighbor to shoot.	FAVOR
2600	guns	 Americans are obsessed with guns and killing...even the law abiding ones.  Its a mental disorder.	AGAINST
2601	guns	"I was pointing out that the current system of   gun control   as advocated by the NRA is a farce - they tried to fight background checks and now fight the funding for it all the while claiming it's all we need combined with better enforcement of   gun laws   to keep everyone safe. Somehow they advocate the need for a stronger state for enforcement but actively work to limit its power through funding. It's becoming clear that no level of reasonable funding can keep   guns   out of the wrong people's hands, so let's be practical and take them off the street altogether.To your point on self-enablement: If you ask your classmates if they want you armed with a handgun in class, in the hallway, in the library and on campus paired up with your personal judgment of who poses a threat to yourself or anyone else AND granted the right to shoot at will, I will bet you a large sum of   money   they will overwhelmingly vote ""no"". A graduate student at UNC-Chapel Hill started picking off pedestrians downtown with his gun and had to be shot dead by the   police  . Good, smart choices were lacking by him.After you lose that vote, go ask your local patrolmen assigned to cover your campus if they prefer all students to be armed. If your logic is sound then they should welcome the wave of deterrence that spreads over campus. Instead, they will envision the fistfights at parties that escalate into gunfights, the drunken arguments that turn into shootings, the accident rate in dorm rooms as guns are accidentally discharged while being shown off, etc. etc. If there's one thing most   college   students lack it's a consistent supply of good, smart choices and the police on campus can cite example after example.So I agree with part of your posting - we need a new approach. That approach is banning handguns and most high powered ""assault"" rifles. Columbine was an example of how easy it is for disturbed people to not be prevented by any reasonably enforceable system from possessing the weapons needed to kill scores of people quickly. So let's stop trying to enforce unrealistic permits and background checks and just admit that it's a bad idea to let the average person possess most deadly weapons and ban their sale altogether.Your right to self-defense, by the way, remains intact. Get all the tasers you want. Load up on pepper spray and knives. You won't have the ability to kill 6 people in quick succession, but you can protect yourself. If you declare that only criminals will have guns under this proposal then I'll say you're right, but currently only criminals have   military  -grade machine guns, grenades and explosive weapons but that doesn't mean we need civilians to be armed accordingly. The trade off under a ban is that fewer criminals will have guns and their use in escalating violence from simply causing injuries to causing multiple deaths will be reduced. The process of getting guns off the street will go faster than I believe most fear - there will be heavy incentives to go after known criminals who haven't been convicted simply to put them away on an easy-to-prove gun possession charge. As black market guns become more valuable, they won't be ""wasted"" on random acts of violence. They will fall into the same category as weapons we currently reserve for the military - and noone would be afraid that common criminals would use them for everyday crimes or that mentally unbalanced people will buy them from a store or steal them from an acquaintance. "	AGAINST
2602	guns	If the government could pass laws that would make it harder for criminals to get guns without negatively affecting the rest of us gun owners.The problem with the types of laws you support, is it makes it harder for EVERYONE to get a gun, not just criminals.  Much like Illegal drugs, people will find ways to get whatever they want, no matter what restrictions you put on those items.That's why I wish groups like yours would take emphasis off of gun restrictions, and focus more on the actual criminals that commit the actual crimes.	FAVOR
2603	guns	Yeah, there are no gangs or violence or organized   crime   in China.  Sure!  Keep telling yourself that.	FAVOR
2604	guns	Reading these comments makes me happy that there is an 2nd amendment right in the USA to keep and bear arms. Robberies in my neighborhood almost never happen at night. Only in the day when people  are not home, because most people here  have guns and a robbers biggest fear  isn't the police , their biggest fear is an armed citizen.	FAVOR
2605	guns	 In reading the 2nd amendment, the right to keep & bear arms is for self defense: The right of society & the individual to be able to defend themselves against the armed soldiers of an oppressive government - something the founding fathers had just had extensive experience with - the government should know that we can successfully defend ourselves against it -	FAVOR
2606	guns	"This expert mentions the '97 study ""Guns in America"", but would rather you don't read it. GOA should certainly not be suggesting that Philip Cook and Jens Ludwig agree with the 4,000 times a day claim. Here is the link:         It is worth reading if you are interested in this issue. If you are impatient here is a relevant paragraph from the conclusions. DGU is Defensive Gun Use.The NSPOF does not provide much evidence on whetherconsumers who buy guns for protection against crimeget their money's worth. The NSPOF-based estimateof millions of DGUs each year greatly exaggeratesthe true number, as do other estimates based onsimilar surveys. Much debated is whether thewidespread ownership of firearms deters crime ormakes it more deadly--or perhaps both--but the DGUestimates are not informative in this regard."	AGAINST
2607	guns	Hell yes if you got a green light to carry a firearm and have been trained then it is your RIGHT AS A AMERICAN TO CARRY A FIREARM and you should be allowed to carry it anywheres!!!!!	FAVOR
2608	guns	"The US Constitution is so frequently called upon for support for free gun ownership and yet it appears those who use it to defend their arguments seem to have forgotten to read it. The protection afforded by the Constitution is not for personal unsupervised ownership of   guns  , but the right to formation and governance of militia (National Guard, Army, ...). Specifically:""To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according to the   discipline   prescribed by Congress;The logical extreme of this so-called right? Personal   nuclear     firearms  ? Mandatory gun ownership? School   children   required to wear holsters as part of their school uniforms? Some of this is already happening ... Because of guns, America is the least safe country in the world. If nothing else, handguns should be eliminated. I challenge anyone to explain why handguns (concealed guns) are needed - except for   law   enforcement or for personal use to defend against other handguns. If handguns were banned, then only criminals would have them for a while, making it easy to pick out the ones the   police   should shoot. Home owners could still have a personal Uzi at home. Still, far fewer people would die given the majority of   deaths   are passion-related - killed by someone you know and/or love.I have lived in 2 countries where guns were banned and can attest to the safety and calm it affords the citizens not to have to worry about being held up at gunpoint, shot by a road-rager, killed by an angry spouse.   Americans   deserve a hand-gun free country."	AGAINST
2609	guns	"Banning one class of arms does not violate an individual right to bear arms An individual right to bear arms can be interpreted to mean that individuals have the right to bear arms of some kind, but not necessarily every kind. Most would see bazookas as a class of arms that should not be widely held. But, this does not limit the right of individuals to bear other arms. Similarly, banning handguns will not limit the ability of individuals to bear a rifle or shotgun. Therefore, a ban on handguns only limits the right to bear arms, but does not seriously impair it.  "	AGAINST
2610	guns	Although the information presented is limited and can be challenged, I wonder why the nations in Africa are omitted??? Just about every nation there prohibits personal firearms, yet, the murder rate borders on genocide in many areas.	FAVOR
2611	guns	 Yes for defending them selves not committing crimes.	FAVOR
2612	guns	Does this mean that every police officer who signs up knowing a pistol will be part of his uniform is psychologically unstable as well?Desiring the most effective tools is not unstable, and when the task at hand is defend your freedom and life a gun is simply the best tool around.	FAVOR
2613	guns	Why are you viilianizing the firearm when the your main argument is controlled substances?Come on do you really think this is a good argument against the students constitutionally guaranteed right?	FAVOR
2614	guns	" Most automatic weapons were already illegal under the National Firearms Act of 1934 "	FAVOR
2615	guns	"Do a search to find some child gun death stories, then search on names in the story to find followup details.  In almost all of these stories you'll find obvious risk factors in the household--drugs, felons, gangs, previous abuse, an unemployed boyfriend babysitting children from another man, often several factors at once.  You will usually find evidence that the presence of the gun was already against the law.  You will also find that most of these stories are of fairly young children.  To find the teens you will need to search for something like ""gang shooting""You aren't likely to find ordinary law-abiding middle class households with ""child gun deaths"".  After you ask the policeman if he wants *everyone* armed, ask his opinion on licensed concealed carry, an entirely different question.  You will find that street cops have a good opinion of license holders--They understand we are allies, not enemies.  Look up the percentage of criminal convictions among license holders--You'll find that we are many times more law-abiding than the general population, and slightly more law abiding than police.  Fistfights don't turn into gunfights but rather are avoided entirely--The kind of people who get into fistfights rarely get licenses. Take a look at the malls, schools and churches where gun wielding maniacs show up--you will find that ""no guns allowed"" areas account for a vastly disproportionate number of these cases.  Even the insane can understand they can kill more people if they have the only guns until the police show up.  Luckily these shooters are rare--in a year they don't have as many victims as a single day of traffic fatalities. "	FAVOR
2616	guns	"Assault weapons are consistent with hunting for foot. The art or form of hunting was originated from obtaining a form of food, so it does not really matter how the kill takes place. Semi-automatic weapons makes it easier to operate a weapon so that you can kill game. The weapons, therefore, are a completely legitimate form of hunting. "	FAVOR
2617	guns	"Images about what continent prevail in gun ownership are erroneous and an general international picture is hard to use  evidence"	FAVOR
2618	guns	Yes of course!!Guns might hurt people or even kill people!The point is:u cannot control the ones actually have guns!They will hurt people when they want!!They will use their guns!!If u don't ban it,what is the use of police??They trained to be strong and catch the thieves...Now,all Americans got guns..Even police cannot stop them from stealing..(because they got guns either)...So how can we let the Americans hurt people by using guns again and again?	AGAINST
2619	guns	Given the history of tyrants in the past century, I would hesitate to restrict any citizen's ability to buy any weapon they can afford.  Perhaps anti-armor rockets should have a unique identifier, but bad things happen when armed revolt is impossible.	FAVOR
2620	guns	"The bill of rights does not state the an individual citizen has their own right to have their own gun, id read up on that before making that statement. People who live in a bad neighbor hood can move, or live in a protected shelter if moving is not an option. People who consider a neighborhood unsafe often think so because of guns. I myself often think ""someones gonna come out and shoot me"" when walking through bad neighborhoods. If citizens didn't have guns, that would make everyone feel that much safer. In unsafe neighborhoods, there would be one less worry of not getting hurt by some irresponsible citizen with a gun."	AGAINST
2621	guns	Guns should be banned and there will be extremely low cases of gun related murder.If guns over the world is banned, we will get world peace for a while.	AGAINST
2622	guns	" Only  very few cities have currently gun ban laws enacted The fact that nationwide there are very few cities that have gun ban laws enacted goes to show that both the communities and their representatives on the political level do not support such actions.As the capital city of the US Washington D.C. takes a divisive position than most of the US."	FAVOR
2623	guns	Errr.... they must do so in an organized manner to be a militia.  (Just... one... teeny tiny distinction.)All members of the Rotary Club are citizens.I am a citizen.Therefore, I am a member of the Rotary Club.Okay, I don't actually know if that's a stipulation to being in the R.C., but you can see how that doesn't work.  That all members of a militia are citizens doesn't mean that all citizens are members of the militia.  But I have since examined this issue in my mind for laborious hours and have come to think that this only says the protection against federal imposition upon the arms of the militia shall not be infringed.  It doesn't say that if you aren't in the militia you can't keep and bear arms... but it doesn't say that it is a right that can't be infringed, or controlled.  	AGAINST
2624	guns	Guns are very easy to get and anyone can use them to kill people.	AGAINST
2625	guns	" Assault weapons are used by drug cartels, kill thousands. The Israeli Uzi pistol and variants on the Soviet AK-47 are attractive to criminals who need to protect their investments."	AGAINST
2626	guns	"""The Pilgrims landed at Plymouth Rock in 1620. It's documented that they had   guns  . They built the first schoolhouse in 1625. We went about 350 years in this country before there was a   school shooting  . Obviously, guns aren't the problem.""--James GregoryMyth: Gun availability is what is causing school shootingsFact: Schoolyard shootings have been occurring since at least 1974, so it is not a new phenomenon due to increases in gun ownership.  Fact: More than ? of these terrorists start thinking about their assaults two or more weeks before the shooting, and ? planned-out their attacks.  Thoughts: In rural areas, guns are everywhere and   children   are taught to shoot at young ages Ã yet these areas are almost devoid of schoolyard shootings. Clearly, availability is not the issue.copied from     /These facts should not be surprising.  Gun-free zones are magnets for killers bent on maximizing their body count. These ""Gun-Free Zones are literally ""Victim Preserves""!"	FAVOR
2627	guns	"It's pretty clear that without guns we wouldn't be having these USA specific, random shootings that we do - not by criminals as you claim - but by ordinary folk that go ""postal"" and of course most recently, by an eight-year old school kid that decided to pick up a gun and shoot his dad. See for example, today's post at StopTheWorldIWannaGetOff.com"	AGAINST
2628	guns	Concealed carry is currently allowed at 11 colleges. None of these schools have had a single incident of gun violence, gun theft, or gun related accidents. This same argument (that more guns will cause more violence) was made whenever people were pushing for general concealed carry. Unfortunately for the Brady Campaign, violent crime decreased dramatically in states that allowed law abiding citizens to carry concealed weapons.	FAVOR
2629	guns	shut up you commie before i show you what a responsible gun owner can do!!! you#%&@%	FAVOR
2630	guns	You make a good point, but I can't say I totally agree with it. I can see both sides of this argument. The problem I see is that addicts will still engage in illegal behavior to obtain their drugs. On the other hand, they're only that expensive because they're illegal. On the other hand, Portugal still made it illegal to sell, so the prices won't necessarily drop because there is still risk in selling them. I personally have never partaken in the use of illegal drugs, and I am against them because of what they do to people's lives, and more importantly, what they do to the lives of their families, especially   children  . But if you want to engage in self-destructive behavior and ruin your own life, that just makes more room for the rest of us. Of course, then we will end up paying to fix your screwed up life in the form of higher   taxes  . Because you know once the government advocates   drug use  , they will be responsible for treating you as a result of your inability to control your own life. 	FAVOR
2631	guns	"Although I'm against guns, what you are saying is absolutely correct.As far as Americas majority of people who do want gun rights, they are in a pretty good position.As i said in my first argument, my husband is all for guns and is one of those affected by Australia's recent gun laws. My hubby ""wishes he had your gun rights America, so be grateful""....Personally i think its the reason behind half your problems... however my hubby,(in this moment i am typing) just rebutted me by saying that in Switzerland, they encourage, that all their citizens have a gun."	AGAINST
2632	guns	"Michael, you just named 3 countries that don't have the right to bear arms. How exactly did the maintain their freedoms?And you're only talking about accidental shootings. Since   firearms   are illegal in those countries, the shootings that take place tend to be of the less accidental persuasion. I'm not sure what English speaking has to do with   gun control   or the right to bear arms, but there is sufficient evidence that gun control does not equate to less gun violence/  crime  . Take Mexico for example. They have extremely restrictive   gun laws  , and very high gun deaths. And what about Scotland? English speaking yet have the highest assault rate in the ""developed world."" (Scotland tops list of world's most violent countries, The Times, September 19, 2005) And according to a 2001 study by the Dutch Ministry of Justice, Australia has the highest contact crime rate per capita of the 17 top industrialized nations. In 2003 Canada's   homicide   rate was double that of the U.S. despite massive gun control efforts (Juristat: Crime Statistics in Canada, 2004 and FBI Uniform Crime Statistics online.)So while more firearms necessarily equates to more accidental shootings, it also serves as a deterrent against crime, as numerous studies have shown and none that I have seen so far refute.  "	FAVOR
2633	guns	Let me take this point by point:[b]Ã’Congress passed dangerous legislationÃ‰Ã“[/b]Where is the proof that this is dangerous legislation? There are millions of legally armed citizens in this country. If you are not in one of the few states that refuses to issue carry permits to   law  -abiding citizens, then you have been in line at the grocery store behind someone carrying a firearm legally. You have bumped into them while walking down the street. You have sat next to them at a red light during your commute, or while on vacation. Do they pull out their   guns   and fire shots in the air while screaming, Ã’Yeeeeee haaaaaaawÃ“? No. Why? Because those who choose to legally arm themselves (i.e. carry permit holders) are among the most law-abiding citizens in our nation. The   crime   rate among permit holders is a fraction of the crime rate among the rest of the population. This is a fact, and it is undisputed by the Brady Campaign.[b]Ã’These members weakened   public safety   and stripped Americans of their right to enjoy   national parks   and wilderness areas free from the threat of armed citizens...Ã“[/b]This is nothing but fear-mongering and paranoia. Again, people in this country arm themselves on a daily basis all around you, and it is no way affecting your safety. This idea that   legal   carry permit holders walk around with an itchy trigger finger just waiting to blast a hole in the first thing that moves is not only stupid, but in complete contradiction of facts and history. The thing that the anti-gun agenda leaves out of every one of the satements like the one above is that there is a distinct difference between LEGAL carriers of   firearms   and those that do so ILLEGALLY. Banning the legal carry of firearms in our National and State Parks would change nothing. And thatÃ•s the problem. There are already people who carry in our parks. The problem is that they are doing so illegally. Allowing those who carry legally to do so in our parks will deter crime, not encourage it. [b]Ã’Our country was founded on the principal that we are a nation of laws and yet the gun lobby is seemingly advocating anarchy over our own government when it comes to the gun issue.Ã“[/b]I hereby challenge Ms. Slovenski to produce one notable instance where the NRA, Gun Owner of America, or another major pro-gun lobby has advocated anarchy. All we ask is that you treat the 2nd Ammendment with the same respect as the 1st, or the 4th, or the 5th. You donÃ•t want those others trampled on, so why choose the 2nd?[b]Ã’It is absolutely astonishing that while Americans are swamped in   credit card   debt and now have better protections for their economic security, our very own personal safety is at greater risk traveling to our national parks,Ã“ [/b]See above. There is still no basis in fact. People carry legally every day, with very few instances that warrant concern. You have much more to worry about from gang members and other thugs who will carry everywhere regardless of how many laws and statutes are enacted. YouÃ•re not preventing crime by limiting access to guns by law-abiding citizens. [b]Ã’Despite concerns raised by park rangers, Congress put the safety of national park visitors and wildlife at risk by allowing concealed, loaded firearms at 388 of 391 national park sites. CoburnÃ•s amendment overturned a Reagan-era regulation that allowed unloaded and safely stowed firearms in national parks.Ã“[/b]ThereÃ•s really not much of a difference here. Guns today are much safer than guns during ReaganÃ•s administration. My personal carry gun has no less than 4 external safety mechanisms that ensure, even when loaded and a round is chambered, that you do not fire a round unaware, or by accident. And that doesn't include internal safety mechanisms.  [b]Ã’Gun proponents continue to say that prohibitions against carrying guns in national parks violates their Second Amendment rights. But even Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, writing for the majority in the Heller case that stripped D.C. of its handgun ban, stated conclusively: Ã”Nothing in our opinion should be taken to cast doubt on longstanding prohibitions on the possession of firearms by felons and the mentally ill, or laws forbidding the carrying of firearms in sensitive places such as schools and government buildings.Ã•Ã“[/b]I donÃ•t see how a National Park can be included in the definition of Ã’sensitive places.Ã“ National Parks are frequented by the same people who are in your neighborhood, that walk next to you on our streets. Why should there be any more restrictions in parks than in those other places. There is ample evidence to show that   gun control   has the effect of encouraging and emboldening criminals. Study after study continues to show this. And study after study continues to be ignored by anti-gun lobbyists. When they produce facts to the contrary, I may be encouraged to reconsider my position.	FAVOR
2634	guns	"The big problem in this country is the dumbing-down by the government schools and the maintenance of that dumbing-down by the totally controlled media.The Second Article (they should never have been called amendments since they do not amend the Constitution that was designed to limit and restrict government) clearly states that the Right to Bear Arms ""SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED"" and that is what all of the liberal, socialist and whatever other title they can be called, individuals fail to accept.The video that has been shown on the internet about the young lady whose parents were murdered in a restaurant rampage by a madman clearly states the fact: The Second Article was specifically designed to protect the state citizens from GOVERNMENT!"	FAVOR
2635	guns	"I was about to commend you for being one of the only no arguments that offered a calm, thought out statement.  Then I read your Neutralizing argument and lost hope.You see all life is not precious.  Someone who wold only do harm to thier   society   has no place in that society.  And there are those of us who would be happy to do what you are unwilling or unable to do, remove that person from our society.To me the most intelligent choice is to arm myself equally or more than anyone who might choose to do harm to me or my loved ones.  This is not lazy or brutish.  And beyond all of this your ""all life is precious"" argument falls flat in the fact that you support a government who murders millions of innocents through collateral damge around the world fighting unjust wars.But the real issue is deterence.  Most of the time the mere presence of an armed citizen is enough to deter any from even initiating an attack.  "	FAVOR
2636	guns	" Court rulings upholding the individual right to bear arms Blizz v. Commonwealth, in 1982, held that ""the right of citizens to bear arms in defense of themselves and the State must be preserved entire."" Dred Scott v. Sanford (1856) ruling suggested a universal individual right to bear arms, writing ""It would give to persons of the negro race, who were recognized as citizens in any one State of the Union . . .the full liberty . . .to keep and carry arms wherever they went."" "	FAVOR
2637	guns	If the ban was so effective then Washington DC would have lead the nation as one of the safest cities, not one of the most dangerous.you had to pander to suicide to try to find some statistic that in some way could paint DC as not one of the most violent places in the country.Population density and poverty create violence- not the availability of guns. Attacks on guns are heart string issues that waste funds and pander to voters during election cycles. If you cared about the constituency of the people you served, you would stop stripping them of rights and treating them as incompetent, and empower them. Allow them their rights, show that they can be something, and put the piles of money into something productive.	FAVOR
2638	guns	First it's an individual right.Second the intent of the Second amendment was clarified by the Federalist papers as well as many personal writings from the founding fathers that wrote it.You are attempting to twist the intent and definition of what a militia is. And you are incorrect. A militia is an group of able bodied men as defined by the Constitution that are assembled by private citizens (the people) to defend the state against all enemies both foreign and domestic.Penn and Teller define it very well:     	FAVOR
2639	guns	 What we need is criminal control.  Disarming law abiding citizens was something that Hitler did.  States where concealed carry is the law of the land, criminals don't attack as much.	FAVOR
2640	guns	" A ban on legal handguns disadvantages citizens against armed criminals. Criminals, who are able to acquire guns,irrespective of the illegality of doing so, welcome a ban on legal handgun ownership. This is because it decreases the risks that they will rob or attack a citizen that has a handgun, and whom may attack back. "	FAVOR
2641	guns	 Let the criminals get firearms. Let their victims get firearms too. Then see who wins. There are more good people than there are criminals. The laws restricting firearm ownership or the right to carry firearms around collectively constitute a criminals' charter. If everyone carried a gun around with them at all times, there would be hardly any crime.	FAVOR
2642	guns	"Military Soldiers are sworn to protect the Constitution against all enemies both foreign and domestic. If the Commander-In-Cheif or any other disobeys or goes against the U.S. Constitution or the law that are established under the Constitution, that makes him or them an enemy to the U.S. Constitution, therefore an enemy to all U.S. MilitaryTroops Officers and Enlisted. This would place him or her on the wrong side of the U.S. Armed Forces. You ask if the military would turn  their weapons on American People exercising their Constitutional Rights, ""No"" they would not but, they would certainly turn their weapons on those trying to take away the American Peoples Rights."	FAVOR
2643	guns	Ironman- respectfully- I disagree.As Sevesteen pointed out- purchasing a firearm is a relatively intense process. By me for instance, to purchase a firearm (handgun specifically) I must go, pay for the firearm, pass my NICS check upon completion of my 4473, receive a green certificate, drive to the pistol licensing unit, turn in the ticket and have my permit amended to reflect the additional handgun, then go back and show my dealer that the pistol is now, in fact on my license. Only then can I take possession of the firearm.As a result of working within so many constraints- this often takes several days to accomplish, and as the Licensing unit by me is small, people often are required to miss work to accomplish the task. The hours do not even run a full business day, and are open 4 days a week instead of 5.Waiting periods, and additional steps like the ones I described to not deter the mentally deranged, as you described. Those people are committed. They are, for lack of a better term, fanatical.People who do get deterred are good, everyday Americans who want to take up handgunning for sport or protection. Many people do not have the luxury to miss multiple days of work to get to a gun shop prior to close, or afford any other such time consuming activities.With these waiting periods, we simply punish the honest and the good.	FAVOR
2644	guns	It is my belief that by removing the citizens ability to protect themselves, the Mayor and Councilmen of Washington D.C. increased the instances of violent crime and even non-violent crime as the criminals in that city no longer had anything to fear when they were going about their day to day activity's ! If you take an objective look at the crime rates for city and state's that have restrictive gun laws  vs. those having non-restrictive gun laws you will see for yourself that there is a large difference in the numbers and they don't show positively on gun control of any kind.	FAVOR
2645	guns	Even if guns were banned poeple could still make there own guns.	FAVOR
2646	guns	The study was measuring how guns are used, not does having them enable use.One of the NRA's bedrock claims is that having guns on the street makes us safer, and that gun owners use their guns overwhelmingly to prevent crime. Shouldn't this study have concluded that a gun in the house, when shot at somebody, is almost always used to shoot a criminal if this was true? How could guns be killing innocent people, even suicidal people, at such a higher rate than criminals? Suicidal people should be a minor blip in the results compared to criminal deaths if the NRA claims are true. But they're not.Ask your insurance company what your life insurance and homeowners rate is once you keep a gun in the house and compare that to no gun. Keep in mind they don't pay out for suicide. They will raise your rate on the impassionate, calculated risk that the gun will be used to hurt/kill someone by accident to a much higher degree than the gun will lower your risk of theft or assault.	AGAINST
2647	guns	"There are currently almost 7 billion people living on Earth.  Experts suggest another billion in the next decade or two.  This is unsustainable.So yes my freedom and security and that of my family and friends is worth a few thousand souls.  It is survival of the fittest according to the rules of nature.You claim uncommitted so I may just actually try to convince you for a minute.I'm saying that if your objective was simply to save lives then you would be spending your time lobbying against autos and   doctors  .  Look at our crude mortality rates:      US and AUS are pretty close together.  I am fine with these numbers.  There are more than enough people in the world.  Death is a part of life.  But the only thing that makes life worth living is freedom.Im saying that the only freedom that guarantees my other freedoms is my right to bear arms.  It is live free or die IMO.  I am a citizen not a subject.  Does your privilege, not right, to drive supercede the right to life of others?  If we save just half of the people killed by   cars   we save 3X as many than by   guns  .Yes I read the ws.  ""are often"" = possibly or maybe but not certainly.  The website seemed fine when you were using it to make your point but now somehow it falls short?  Even with a 5% error that still puts Auzzies in third and the U.S. waaay down the list at #15.  Do you think the error is 50%?The bottom line is that this is America.  And we hold our freedoms dear.  There are those who would seek to constantly whiddle away at our freedoms, especially recently.  See Patriot Act.  But there are those of us who choose liberty over this illusion of safety.  And Obama brings broken promises and more war.  Which I oppose!  To get back on topic...  you live in Australia and you can make your own policy there and if you choose to come here then I welcome you with open arms and would die to protect you and your opinion.  But America's voice is clear in support of the Second Amendment. "	FAVOR
2648	guns	 The 2nd amendment which gives us the right to bear arms was for the safety of the people against invaders and if needs be, against the government.  It was initially meant so each state could have their own militia so the federal government didn't end up like the British government was when we fought a revolution against them.    />      In reply to MrFlagg, did you not read the statement?  He said most gun deaths are caused by illegal guns.  You say there need to be stricter gun laws but don't you know anything about human nature?  If something is outlawed people will get it from another source.  It happened with the Prohibition.	FAVOR
2649	guns	"Shadow, I take some comfort in your reassuring words about the US military and their primary loyalty to the Constitution rather than to the C-in-C.  But I still worry that the line between ""Constitutional"" and Unconstitutional"" may be vague or difficult to define in a particular circumstance.  It's not a question of loyalty.  Its a question of knowing when a line has been crossed.  But lines are never that clear.  Look at the war on terror.  Warrantless wiretapping?  Secret courts?  Military tribunals?  ""Detainees"" who are nether prisoners of war nor criminals?  War with no declaration from Congress?  It seems to me that we have crossed a line (or are at least pretty close), but there is hardly any outcry from the public, and certainly no evidence that the military is thinking coup.  If you throw a frog into a pot of boiling water, it will jump right out again.  But if you put it in a pot of cool water and slowly turn up the heat until boiling, it will stay put until it's dead.  I think the water is warmer now than it ever has been...and no one has noticed.  Sid"	FAVOR
2650	guns	" The constitution confers an individual right to bear arms On March 9, 2007 in a blockbuster opinion, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit overturned the cityÃ•s gun ban, holding that ""the Second Amendment protects an individual right to keep and bear arms.""[2]"	FAVOR
2651	guns	Anthropologist David Kennedy (John Jay College of Criminal Justice, City University of New York) has determined in city after city that less than 0.5% of the population on average is responsible for over 75% of the homicides.  When those individuals are addressed, violence in the first year of the interdiction program typically drops by half.We don't need to control guns to address violence, we need to control criminals.        	FAVOR
2652	guns	You can carry IWB (in waist band) or in pocket. Not all handguns hold 15 rounds of .40 caliber. And as for being a good shot with a handgun, I'm guessing you didn't start out as a good shot with a rifle either. A lot practice goes a little way. Or is it the other way around?	FAVOR
2653	guns	"This question even coming up is just a peculiarity of the system.It's a pointless superfluous question covered by previous debate.The only reason we are asking about   national parks   is because of strategic   legal   influence on the part of the special interests involved combined with a quirk of our political system. Specifically, the lack of requirement of bill amendments to be pertinent to the bill as a whole at certain points during   the law   enactment process.Gun control advocates know that they'll never get   guns   banned en masse, so they'll try first to get them banned in places where they are not likely to be opposed. Classic slippery slope approach.A firearm does not care who owns the land it is on. Nor is safety impacted by such ownership. This is a non-issue, from all logical perspectives. As an important side note...I would like to   add   that the true character of the gun debate is overlooked here as well as virtually everywhere else.We do not have the   second amendment   to defend ourselves from criminals or to hunt.The second amendment is not intended to defend American citizens from hunger or   crime  , but to protect them from the American government should that defense be required.Gun control advocates like to talk about the founding fathers thinking the 2nd amendment applied to muskets not M16s and grenades, but keep in mind that the musket was the M16 of the day. ""Arms"" in the context of constitutional rights means equipment capable of allowing armed insurrection should that become the will of the majority. Put another way ""Arms"" in this context mean   assault weapons  ,   military   weapons, not hunting or home defense tools.To forget that fact is to invite future oppression and to perpetuate ignorance.""But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such government, and to provide new guards for their future security.""  - The Declaration of Independence"	FAVOR
2654	guns	Reckoner said that what geekrock said was false... just by the way.So, whoever says college students are (in contrast to high school students) not subject to impulsive reactions has lost any touch with reality.I have seen too many college kids get into fist-fights from one istant to the next (sometimes but not always under the influence) over some bs to know better...	AGAINST
2655	guns	"""The british aren't going to invade, so we don't need to protect ourselves"". So when an american enters you're home with intent to kill, are you going to defend yourself with a fork? I do agree that most burglary's that occur do not involve a murder or serious injury, but not all home invasion's are with the intent to remove your property. If I we're in the position to put my life on the line, or lose a television, I would rather lose the television. The question is whether this person is here to steal my property or harm me or my family. I would rather have the means to protect myself and my family. If we lived in a perfect world where we didn't have Poverty, Drugs and Poor Education, then maybe I could see youre point. The fact of the matter is we don't. When America gets to the point where I can go to sleep at night, or even go about my daily business and not worry, then I'll consider getting rid of my gun. Until then, we live in a dangerous world where people live outside the law and I feel safe knowing theres an amendment granting me the right to defend myself."	FAVOR
2656	guns	Our national park rangers now are trained in   law  -enforcement tacticsand procedures as they now must deal with armed idiots and outrightbadguys [dope-growers, smugglers, thieves]...To allow everyone to car-ry loaded   firearms   in the   national parks   will not improve the 'ambience'as the impaired or evil gun-toters threaten everyone else...Persons with firearms permits and hunting licenses [in those few locations where hunting is allowed] shud be able to keep locked, unloaded arms invehicles for proper usage only... 	FAVOR
2657	guns	"An individual right to bear arms cannot be absolute No individual rights are absolute. The right to free speech is not absolute. Libel, slander, and hate crime laws are examples of reasonable restrictions on this right. Similar restrictions can be placed on the right to bear arms. So, even if there is an individual right to bear arms, it is possible to consider the limited ban on handguns in DC as a reasonable restriction of this right."	AGAINST
2658	guns	"Militias are relevant today as a symbol of preventing tyranny Historically, the militia that resisted the British was a non state managed association of people that were fighting against tyranny. The wording of the second amendment preserves the spirit of that time and therefore the word ""militia"" can be relevant to nowadays as a symbol of the right of people to fight against tyranny.In this way the spirit of the time is reflected in the letter of the law."	FAVOR
2659	guns	I am a gun owner myself but i have enough selfcontrol to not bring a gun to school.  If schools were as safe as airports and airplanes are now then this topic wouldn't be here. If people didn't do stupid things then the world would be a better place.  	AGAINST
2660	guns	{The government knows whats best for the american people when it comes to owning   guns  }How can you be so wrong.The government would like every one to think like you.So they can take all your freedoms away![Nobody needs more than 2 guns]Where do you get those numbers?You dont know much about guns do you?To some it is a sport.Like sex or   cars  .Should a person be able to own more than 2 cars or have sex with more than 2 people,in you own little world? Cars kill more people than guns?In your little world why dont you outlaw people so no person can get killed?	FAVOR
2661	guns	 Though I agree with your basic premise any yahoo can not posses a gun legally there are laws.  In reply to Mr. Flagg the majority of gun deaths are caused by guns obtained illegally.	FAVOR
2662	guns	"It's better to arm pilots and risk abuse than risk another 9/11. Dave Kopel &amp; David Petteys. ""Air Neglect"". National Review Online. July 2, 2003 - ""the airline executives would rather risk another 9/11 than take the (tiny) chance that an armed pilot might use his gun illegally, and the airline might be sued."" "	AGAINST
2663	guns	"I find your argument inadequate, circumstantial and irrelevant, comparing overall homicide rates to ""gun related"" deaths.Chicago is 15 on the list because it's sorted alphabetically... :/BTW, Hawaii's figures rival those of Chicago according to that same list.Of course the lowest gun related deaths will be in the the states where guns are banned, duh.Lowest bun not nonexistent.DC's highest gun deaths per capita coincidences with the fact that guns are legal there, doesn't mean anywhere guns are legal crime rates will be high.Plus the DC area has fewer population so the 'per capita' figure will naturally tend to be higher.Still it does nothing to counter MBurke12's argument."	FAVOR
2664	guns	"The right to ""bear arms"" in the 2nd Amendment includes an individual right"	FAVOR
2665	guns	"I believe owning and keeping a handgun in your home makes you liable to accidental injury or even death. So I'd like to see honest statistics showing whether owning and keeping a handgun makes you safer.This has nothing to do with the question of whether it is your right to oown a handgun.  The current   legal   opinion is that you do.  This could, of course, change. In the past, many Supreme Court decisions have been reversed.  This recent decision seems very questionable.Note that if you do have in your home a handgun, and a burglar enter, he/she will ""have the drop on you"".  He may not shoot you if you dont show him your gun. but he surely will if you do.So I urge you not to have a handgun.  A   sports   rifle is a different matter.I also see it as being more effective to show people that having a handgun only gives you a false sense of security.  In real life, it will not help.  This approach is likely to be more effective than trying to pass legislation, which might require changing the Constitution.GKM"	AGAINST
2666	guns	First off, have you ever heard of fighting fire with fire? Certainly there are way to many criminals with guns. That is ONE of the reasons I own guns. I have been a gun owner for 39 years, since I was 16 years old. During that time I have owned a couple of guns (all you anti gun folks would probably have apoplexy if you knew how many and I'm a piker as I know people who own 300 and 500 guns). So, would you say my friends and have too many guns? And if so, on what do you base that determination? Further, what gives you the right? I am a former peace officer. I have never used a gun illegally. At the risk of sounding immodest, my expertise with firearms is above that of the average police officer (but less compared to other folks I know). I once knew a federal cop who competed in local shooting matches because the firearms training he received was inadequate. He knew that the rest of the people participating in these matches had training and experience that far surpassed his training. As a private person I have used a firearm to prevent assaults on my person on two occasions and as an off-duty police officer I have stopped one potential assault against me and my companion and I stopped an assault in progress of a neighbor and his friend. Actually, two men were in the process of beating them to death with a gold club and baseball bat. Those two people were defenseless and would have been killed had I not intervened, with a handgun. And guess what, it was not necessary to shoot any of the assailants. All of the assailants saw the wisdom of reconsidering their actions, immediately and without question. I currently have a permit to carry a firearm concealed and I never leave home without my permit and gun. I could continue like this for some time. My main point here is to question the qualifications of any person who is anti gun to responsibly comment or lecture me about any aspect of private gun ownership. Verified expert indeed.	FAVOR
2667	guns	I'm not sure what you are responding to.   Maybe it would be more productive to find out what restrictions you think are reasonable and constitutional.  Which of the proposed or actual laws I mentioned above are reasonable, and why?  Are any of my facts in error? Where is the line between a constitutional local law and an unconstitutional infringement?  	FAVOR
2668	guns	No, NOYB, and No.	FAVOR
2669	guns	"I do truly wish that was possible!  Unfortunately I am surrounded by brain dead hoplophobes at work.  Of the 60-70 staff in the facility, and about 20 of whom actually have contact with the youths, there are only about 5 of us willing to acknowledge that we even carry for self defense.  So far as I know, I am the only one who willingly challenges the company policy about no weapons on the property, and that is essentially based on the assumption that the contents of my vehicle are my private property, and exempt from company control.  Yes, we have locked boxes in our secure entry area, but I have been personally told by our administrator those may only be used by LEO's in case of emergency, since even they are prohibited from weapons anywhere in the building.  I actually challenged the company policy on the basis that if they prevented the staff from protecting themselves, they should provide security in our parking lot.  This has gone unanswered, and no change in the policy has occurred in the past ten years. I am not in a position where I can financially afford to take the matter to court to change this company policy, or I would have by now. I am hoping Michigan, will pass a parking lot   law   such as have been brought up in other states.  Until then I'll operate on the basis of ""better to be tried by twelve, than carried by six""."	FAVOR
2670	guns	" 2nd amendment could not exist solely to uphold militias as Congress has power to disarm them Congress has the power and authority to disarm a militia. This is necessary to uphold the monopoly on military force in the state and to protect the integrity of the state. It also should be recognized that a militia could take a form that is entirely ""inappropriate"" and contrary to the interests of the vast majority of the citizenry. Such a militia might claim that the state is acting ""tyrannically"" because it is acting ""democratically"", instead of according to the prescript of God. 99% of citizens might oppose the existence of this militia. Is the Second Amendment meant to protect the existence of such a militia? No. Congress has the authority to disband it. Therefore, the right to form a militia is in question, making a ban on hanguns more appropriate, as it does not conflict with any supposed right to form a militia.  "	AGAINST
2671	guns	"I'm sick and tired of seeing the Republican party painted as radical right-wingers on the mainstream   media  , and as protectors of liberty on Fox News.  What a joke!  The Republicans are just as socialist as the Dems, but paint themselves as defenders of the Constitution and promoters of ""limited government"" (as if such a thing were possible).  The Democrats make the whole thing worse by painting them as radicals, when they are anything but.  Hopefully President Obama screws up quick enough that the people haven't forgotten the miserable failures of Bush, and just decide to get rid of them all.  They keep painting this picture of Red vs. Blue, when really they're just two sides of the same statist coin.  The real conflict in this country is between Statist and Libertarian, but the major political parties obfuscate this point to get away with blatant Statism that would never get by the people honestly.  Hopefully Ol' Barry goes too far and shocks some sense into people.  Historically, high   food   prices has been enough to do the trick, and that's coming quick."	FAVOR
2672	guns	No, you're not a gun nut.  I have so many   guns   I am not even sure how many anymore.  And so much ammo that it cracked the corner of the foundation in the garage.I love it when people find that out and freak out.  I can only shoot one of them at a time, does it really matter how many I have?  :-P	FAVOR
2673	guns	"I never said flight wasn't an option. If I was in a hallway and heard shots coming from one direction I would be going in the other direction looking for cover. I am not some SWOT trained cop my job isn't to protect everyone in the school my job is to protect myself and those I care about. If by protecting myself I am protecting other people around me then that is a byproduct. Now you are just projecting your own abilities onto everyone else, you basically said because you canÃ•t do it no one can. If you were a friend of mine and decided to carry a concealed handgun but still had those reservations I would tell you not to carry you obviously don't have the right mentality to carry yet. To carry you have to accept the fact that you may actually have to use your gun, carrying a handgun when youÃ•re not ready to use it is more dangerous than not carrying. If you aren't ready to pull the trigger you shouldnÃ•t be carrying. I will agree that flight beats fight if it is possible, what I am worried about is the times when you canÃ•t run. The shooter at Vtech locked the doors as he came in so unless there was a window close by you were SOL. I don't know what college you go to but if you haven't seen or heard about any threatening behavior you are very sheltered or very lucky. I carry because I accept the fact that bad things can happen and I would like to be prepared in case it ever does. I will say I have had to draw my gun in defense so it has happened to me not in the town where my college is but it did happen. Statistically I will probably have to draw again in my life but also statistically speaking I will never have to fire my gun and I hope and pray that I never will. I have never been part of a school shooting but I know it is a possible. Actually I am not worried about a major school shooting happening at my campus what scares me is all the other violent crime that is much more prevalent. Including robbery, battery, assault, these crimes even at my campus which is way out in the middle of the country are prevalent. The biggest one around here is forcible rape, it happens here a lot and I know many female friends that would carry if they had the choice to protect themselves from these crimes. Like I said I am not really concerned about a major school shooting (thou I would rather be armed when needed then need it and not be armed) but what I am worried about is walking back to my apartment at 7pm down dark paths because that is the only way home. Also show me where this has happened off campus, I tried looking and I didn't find any instances of a permit holder missing and hitting an innocent person. I am not saying it doesn't happen I know it does but statistically you are more likely to get hit from a cops missed shot than a permit holders. The average distance of a permit holder shots are 10ft or less and the exchange of gunfire lasts less than 10seconds total.  ""What is worse than allowing an execution-style massacre to continue uncontested?  How could any action with the potential to stop or slow a deranged killer intent on slaughtering victim after victim be considered Ã”worseÃ• than allowing that killer to continue undeterred?Ã“      please read this it handles most if not all the questions you may have if there are any more let me know and I will try and answer to the best of my ability. "	FAVOR
2674	guns	I forget the exact year, but sometime in the '70's or early '80's the police in Albuquerque N.M. went on strike.  During that period, the violent crime dropped quite a bit.  	FAVOR
2675	guns	Every criminal on the street has a gun.Whether its pointed at you or one of your neighbors or friends it makes sense for you to have the right to protect yourself from these dregs of society.	FAVOR
2676	guns	"You, as one who believes there is no place for physical violence in a civilized culture, may go ahead and use your stun guns, tasers, pepper sprays, etc.  The world could use a few less of your kind.  As someone who looks to the example of those who came before him, however, I see that there are plenty of places for physical violence in civilized culture.  Rome, the antiquity's archetype of civilization, was built on violence.  The Pax Romana, the closest our species has come to world peace, was achieved through war, conquest, intimidation, assassination, and crucifiction.  As a person who believes that physical violence is a necessary part of civilized society, will keep my guns, and woul kindly request that you let me bring them to school with me to protect myself and those I love.  President Theodore Roosevelt once said, ""Talk softly but carry a big stick.""  You don't even have to use that stick, you just have to let them know it's there.  Nobody is going to attempt armed robbery when there is a good chance of armed resistance.  No terrorist would have tried anything with box cutters (or anything else) if they knew a couple of people on that flight are packing heat.  I just don't see pepper spray having the same effect."	FAVOR
2677	guns	"The DC gun ban does not violate 2nd amendment because DC is not a state In the opinion of the dissenting judge in the DC handgun ban court decision, the Second Amendment cannot apply to DC, since DC is not a state. Judge Henderson's dissenting opinion - ""To sum up, there is no dispute that the Constitution, case law and applicable statutes all establish that the District is not a State within the meaning of the Second Amendment. Under United States v. Miller, 307 U.S. at 178, the Second Amendment's declaration and guarantee that ""the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed"" relates to the Militia of the States only. That the Second Amendment does not apply to the District, then, is, to me, an unavoidable conclusion."" In other words, DC residents do not have the protection of the Second Amendment, as citizens of other states do, making a ban on handguns acceptable. This is even if we conclude that the Second Amendment provides protections to citizens of states that would make a handgun ban unconstitutional, which is debatable."	AGAINST
2678	guns	"""a drunk kid with a permit .. at a party""First off, the folks that would be allowed to carry on campus would be the ones that are LICENSED to do so. They ALREADY carry these firearms.We dont hear about these students ""shooting"" other students at parties... Allowing students to carry on campus would just allow them to walk across the campus line with their firearm that they ALREADY carry virtually everywhere else.We are talking about concealed carry in a CLASSROOM environment.We dont hear about Students that are licensed to carry, shooting up parties off campus. Why would these 21+ year olds start opening fire at those same parties when the only thing that would change is the allowance to carry IN CLASS."	FAVOR
2679	guns	The Ohio National Guard shot and killed American students.	AGAINST
2680	guns	 The one thing I have discovered about not having guns, is Americans just don't get it..  /   /> It's ingrained in their culture, with a sense of some god given right.  />   /> I've never touched a gun, never seen  a gun, none of the people I've known in my entire life have had a gun or came across one..  />   /> I've certainly not lived a sheltered life.. And living with the freedom of how not to worry, is far better.. Guns for the most part are not a factor..   />   /> I wonder how much the gun incidents in the UK is due to American culture creep, gangsta movies and role models..   />   /> The banning of guns in North America could release everyone from gun dependence .. Eventually ..	AGAINST
2681	guns	the are plenty of things you can do before resorting to a gun for safety. i have said this many times. move to a place with a low crime rate, get an alarm, or buy a guard dog. you could also buy a taser or pepper spray. buying a gun for protection is just stupid and paranoid. who would you even be protecting yourself from anyway? a burglar, because most burglaries occur when your not even home, make the gun pointless.	AGAINST
2682	guns	 People already do	FAVOR
2683	guns	" There are fewer assault weapons at crime scenes since the ban. ""Since enactment of the law, the number of assault weapons traced to crime scenes has dropped 45%, according to Crime Gun Solutions LLC, a consulting firm."" [1]"	AGAINST
2684	guns	"This is where the discussion is lost on all too many who view the world in somewhat unrealistically rosy glasses.  Backing up a bit now.  Throughout history, the strong and advantaged have often taken from others (eg. weak and disandvantaged) via coersion.  Barbaric.  ""Civilization"", however, made life better for most everyone but the barbarians.  While civilizations are characterized by division of labor, etc., they are also predicated upon sharing and upon agreements by those members of society ... agreements on what is right and wrong, acceptable and unacceptable, and on what is lawful and unlawful.  Civilizations work because ""good"" people contribute and are rewarded (generally) for doing so.  But there remain those ""bad"" people who still take advantage (when they are allowed to) via coersion.  It is this reality, in part, on which the guarantee to arms was predicated.  Arms were guaranteed so good people (civilized people) could protect themselves from bad people.  Not only ""could"" protect themselves, but WOULD protect themselves (thus reducing the bad people in society).  We all work to educate and train our fellow citizens, and to reward good behavior with gifts, honor, or a simple pat on the back.  We also work together (and establish criminal justice and rule of law) to punish bad people.  We pretty much all agree that murder and rape and robbery are bad and cannot be tolerated.  What the right to arms guarantees is that we as individuals, as first responders, have the power (we have the natural right, as well as the legal authority) to defend ourselves, families, and community via force of arms (it would be swords or clubs if firearms did not exist).  Security of a free state plays full into this, because the natural right to self defense cannot be decoupled from the right (and the necessity) to community and even national defense.  A well-regulated militia is a group of armed citizens (individuals) coming together in a time of need ... to dispell unlawful insurrections, to prevent looting after a natural disaster, or to repel an invading military force.  That militia is in agreement as to their purpose ... and that purpose is a good one because it maintains law and order, and promotes the safety and security of communities, states, and nations.And finally, from a statement you made above to Nitrogen: ""To me, guns rights represent the freedom to threaten terrible violence.""  I think that view is a rather common one, but I also think it is predicated on a misunderstanding of what freedom is, what rule of law is, and what gun rights are.  It is argued that humans (and all other living things) have a natural right to self defense via force.  But few would argue that we have any sort of right to offense.  The second amendment in no way whatsoever authorizes or gives any right to offense or to ""threaten terrible violence"" as you put it (by ""threaten"" I presume you mean ""offensive violence"").  The second amendment protects the right to own and carry arms (knives, saps, guns, whatever) for the purpose of lawful use of force ... be that to stop a common criminal in your home, a group of terrorist/insurrectionists such as the KKK of days gone by or the Timothy McVeighs of modern history, be that keeping the peace when our professional police force cannot, or be that repeling an invading force.  And even ... even ... as 20th century Russia and Germany have taught us is sometimes necessary, resisting and overthrowing outwardly tyrranical governments. "	FAVOR
2685	guns	 USE Both Hands!	AGAINST
2686	guns	"More home-owners are killed by gun-ownership than are saved While a right to self defense exists, it is important to note that more people are accidentally killed by their own guns than are saved by them. On this account, is the possession of guns, assault weapon or other, really ""self-defense""? Furthermore, assuming that gun ownership involves risks, the ownership of more deadly assault weapons may increase the risk of accidental death or mutilation."	AGAINST
2687	guns	[we have by far,my   guns   than anybody else}OK than.You need to try some freedom!You might like it!	FAVOR
2688	guns	correcting a typo- last paragraph fire extinguishers do not prevent FIRES. Sorry I was typing quickly. 	FAVOR
2689	guns	 You have to have some form of control over guns.  That doesn't mean banning them, it means controlling who has them and making sure we know who has them.	AGAINST
2690	guns	You only have to look:Where are there more shootings?A.  Gun StoresB.  Gun free zones like schoolsOnly an idiot thinks that no   guns   equals safety	FAVOR
2691	guns	1) grenades and bombs are federally regulated. besides, none of the college shootings featured explosive devices.2) certain youths already possess firearms - legal age to purchase rifles and shotguns in most states is 18.3) to obtain a concealed weapons permit in most states, one has to be 21. if i'm not mistaken the legal definition of an adult is 18+ years of age.	FAVOR
2692	guns	"Cities that have gun ban laws enacted are not significantly safer The examples of Washington DC and New York show that with a gun ban law they are one of the most dangerous cities within the US. This leads to the conclusion that reality should have reinforced the reasoning that gunning bans  provides more safety to the public. Absent of this confirmation one can argue that banning guns is not an effective way of ensuring public safety."""	FAVOR
2693	guns	 We used to have  slack gun laws over here ,but then things like the Hungerford massacre happened.All our gun laws changed and restricted what guns were legal.  /> And thankfully no one has had the ability to go crazy and shoot up a school, no civilian should be able to have a firearm unless it's a hunting rifle.	AGAINST
2694	guns	"Well, I can see both sides trying to justify their position. Here's mine: I cordially invite ANY burgler to come and invade my home. Do I have a gun or not? Enter at your own risk!! Since I'm doing the invitation, you probably think I have a gun/  guns  . Are you willing to RISK YOUR LIFE on that? Are you prepared to meet your maker? You will not get a ""stop or I'll shoot"" warning. CLICK, BANG. That is all you'll receive. Still wanting to try to enter my home? Enough said. Guns make you safer because CRIMINALS LOVE UNARMED VICTIMS. RESPONSIBLE gun owners dont kill people. They kill criminals, muggers, car jackers, rapists, child molesters and those tryng invading their homes. James Allyn Washingon."	FAVOR
2695	guns	 Allowing civilians to have guns allows civilians de facto acceptance to use guns. Allowing them to use guns gives them de facto acceptance into administering the death penalty to stop crimes. I believe only judges and juries should hold this power, not the common man.	AGAINST
2696	guns	"@Nada's Comments- The points that you do present are very valid, concerning both the presented issues of an individual's proficiency in using a concealed firearm, and the issue of accidental shootings in its entirety.@Tenmaster96- With myself being a person who hunts, has hunted forever, and is on a competition trapshooting team, I do, and will forever retain a respect for firearms.  I know their capabilities, and what they can do, but despite everything else, I do agree when it is stated that accidental shooting are rare, and the ability to carry a concealed weapon will most definately be a benefit to students on campus.  In my state, it is a proven statistic that hunting, above all other forms of recreation, have the lowest rate of personal injury, virutally zero.  Hunting is the safest sport of all, oddly enough.  When good citizens that know the parameters of what can happen with a firearm, are able to carry, then they have now become able to protect themselves and others.  God forbid if I was ever faced with a situation such as an intruder in school, I would know that I could defend myself and others.  I do understand Nada's argument of how people who may carry concealed weapons do not have proper expereince with firearms, but with yourself, being a ""concealed-carrier"", did you have to complete a firearm safety course before being given your permit?  If we think about it, whether you are in an area that allows concealed carrying or not, if things move as to the extreme of guns being banned, all of the law abiding citizens would not be protected, and no matter what the laws were, all the ""bad guys"" with bad intentions would have thier way no matter what..and this is why it is all the more reasonable that students should be allowed to carry concealed weapons on campus."	FAVOR
2697	guns	I'm fine with making it harder for people with criminal records to obtain a waepon, I actually think that's an okay idea; however, banning guns altogether is against the US Constitution.  The 2nd amendment states that all citizens have the right to bear arms and that this right shall never be infringed.  The fact that this debate is astonishing to me.Take the peaceful country of Switzerland for example; they boast one of the lowest crime rates in the world (if not the lowest) due to the fact that everyone is armed.  After serving a short term in the army (which I'm not recommending for the US), every man is given a weapon of their choice.  So it's kind of hard to rob a convenience store when the clerk has an AK-47 or a M-16 behind the counter, maybe even a rocket launcher if they want.Guns keep people safe, it's plain and simple.  Like the Swiss have found, it's hard to overpower someone when they're packing a .45 on their hip or purse.  You have the right to defend yourself and guns are one of the best ways to do that.Just remember: 2nd amendment.  Leave the guns alone.	FAVOR
2698	guns	"Let me be brutally honest, I have no respect for anyone attempting to disarm the law-abiding population of this country. Further, I am not a proponent of rational informed discourse, at least not as you see it. I dispise these people. I will no longer tolerate compromise with them or anyone like them. My fight is for liberty and against tyranny. I cannot be courteous to the Brady Bunch (a term I coined, by the way. Arrogant, ain't I?). However, if you decide not to consider my arguement because you consider me to be discourteous that is up to you. The truth about the Brady Bunch is there for you to see. I have come to the conclusion that one cannot change another person's opinion or point of view if there are not open minded in the first place. But, I still feel compelled to set forth my position whether you are convinced or not.The fact remains that these people are deceptive and are determined to disarm us incrementally. Check for yourself. Every time they manage to get some oppressive, Draconian anti-gun law passed, they always say that this is only a first step in removing firearms from private ownership. This must not be allowed to happen.Try this:     /O bama has not consistantly supported the Second Amendment. Look into his time in the Illinoise State Senate and you see that not to be true. Therefore, Paul Helmke of the Brady Bunch is lying. He is a liar. How can you ever trust anyone who lies?Helmke says: ""As Sen. Obama said in his speech accepting the Democratic nomination, ""The reality of gun ownership may be different for hunters in rural Ohio than they are for those plagued by gang violence in Cleveland, but donÃ•t tell me we canÃ•t uphold the Second Amendment while keeping AK-47s out of the hands of criminals.""The way they do this is to make semi-auto rifles illegal to own, possess, use, etc."	FAVOR
2699	guns	"The handgun ban is ineffective at stopping handguns homicides According to the statements of the DC police that an overwhelmingly amount of the homicides have been committed with handguns. This goes to show that even though the law has been enforced the harms have still occurred through the inevitable availability of guns. "	FAVOR
2700	guns	"A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.Ã’By calling attention to Ã”a well regulated militiaÃ•, the Ã•securityÃ• of the nation, and the right of each citizen Ã”to keep and bear armsÃ•, our founding fathers recognized the essentially civilian nature of our   economy  . Although it is extremely unlikely that the fears of governmental tyranny which gave rise to the Second Amendment will ever be a major danger to our nation, the Amendment still remains an important declaration of our basic civilian-military relationships, in which every citizen must be ready to participate in the defense of his country. For that reason, I believe the Second Amendment will always be important.Ã“ John F. Kennedy, April 1960Ã’Today, we need a nation of Minutemen, citizens who are not only prepared to take arms, but citizens who regard the preservation of freedom as the basic purpose of their daily life and who are willing to consciously work and sacrifice for that freedom."" -- John F. Kennedy "	FAVOR
2701	guns	One of the measures by which it becomes obvious that your elected officials need to be replaced is the development of the circular argument.  Possession of a license, nuff said.  However, qualifying for, being able financially to pay for it, in addition to waiting a significant portion of your lifetime to get said license should be the clue it is time for change.	FAVOR
2702	guns	"You shouldn't have the personal freedom to own a product whose only purpose is killing multiple people. If we banned most guns, I'd be much less worried about a criminal with a gun who wants to kill me.Is the US in a situation where 1.5m to 2.5m times every year, someone has to show a gun to stop a crime, and yet so many crimes still get committed (174 victims per 1,000 citizens age 12 and over in 2006, per the Dept of Justice's summary NCVS (        #summary)? If you add up both categories (committed and ""stopped"" crimes), we're living in a war zone. Statistically speaking, you have a 50+% chance of having to show your gun once every 5 years to stop a crime just to keep the defensive gun stats up, and you'll still be a victim of a crime once every 3 years. Does that seem to match up with your experience?Unless, of course, the defensive gun use statistics are exaggerated. And guns are really enabling crimes at a rate on par to that with which they are preventing crime. And it's all part of a broader problem of a mis-perception of the high risk of crime and the need to keep guns on the street to prevent them. Which situation seems more likely - the war zone or the false perception?The assumption that gun possession keeps you safer is just false. The gun you own is more likely to be used to kill you, your spouse or an innocent person than to kill an attacker. The perception that armed attackers lurk around every dark corner is also false. The perceived need for guns keeps them on the street. The actual experience is that they are not effective crime deterrents, their easy access means criminals have easy access to guns and the average person on the street is not safer as a result.Many dangerous weapons can only be possessed and used legally by the government. It's time we made handguns and most high capacity rifles part of that category."	AGAINST
2703	guns	" Guns would be kept in safe boxes, preventing pilot abuse Dave Kopel &amp; David Petteys. ""Air Neglect"". National Review Online. July 2, 2003 - ""Although pilots would technically be designated as federal law enforcement officers, they would not be authorized carry their guns in ordinary holsters as every other law enforcement officer does, but only in special locked boxes to be kept in the cockpit during flight. Accordingly, the pilots would not be faced with the myriad of situations in which a federal law enforcement officer with emotional problems might an inappropriate decision about defensive gun use-such as when an undercover officer is challenged to a fight in a seedy bar. Thus, the psychological screening used on FBI agents is unnecessary for airline pilots, and is silly in light of the fact that every pilot already controls a weapon thousands of times more powerful than a handgun."""	FAVOR
2704	guns	"""If government can't protect you, you should have the right to protect yourself,"" said Republican state Sen. Michael Waddoups.""I completely agree with Senator Waddoups.Some people think the police are there to protect them.  Not so.  The police have no   legal   duty to protect anyone.  They are there to enforce   the law  .  That's it.  If you think that is not true, read the book ""Dial 911 and Die"".  It has been out for a long time and the book is as true today as it was when written."	FAVOR
2705	guns	" The constitution confers an individual right to bear arms On March 9, 2007 in a blockbuster opinion, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit overturned the cityÃ•s gun ban, holding that ""the Second Amendment protects an individual right to keep and bear arms.""[6]"	FAVOR
2706	guns	"Thank you for your concern, but I am quite well protected, thanks.You have unwittingly exposed one of the fatal flaws in the   gun control   argument: the ""what if?"" You hypothetical situation does nothing to support your position. Given that logic, the fact that my aunt was killed when an 18 wheeler hit her car and it exploded, killing her instantly, even though she was wearing her seat belt, I shouldn't wear a seat belt either, right? Wrong. Because the fact is, both seat belts and   guns   save lives every day. Just because sometimes they don't do it, doesn't mean you shouldn't take proactive steps to increase your chances of surviving when bad things happen.But I don't want to leave your question unanswered. In your situation, chances are my gun would be completely useless. But it doesn't always turn out that way. Ask Tom Jones of College Park, GA, who on May 4 of this year shot and killed one of two home invaders who was pointing a gun at him and his friends. He didn't just surrender his life to the scum who had invaded his home, and saved the lives of 10 people inside his home. But, his gun didn't make him safer, did it? Wrong again.    Finally, I'm sorry to hear about the loss of your dog. However, I don't see anything in your statement that would lead me to believe I would be safer if he had been my dog. Cars and people come and go all the time in my subdivision, so a dog barking at those with whom he is unfamiliar would tell me nothing. I have two dogs that bark at even familiar people. Either way, I don't put my safety, and certainly not that of my wife and two   kids  , in the hands (or paws) of anyone but me. Because ultimately, it is my responsibility, and mine alone."	FAVOR
2707	guns	 It's because of this law that there are frequent school shootings in America. Like JRCBailey said if we were to completely ban them then the risk of being attacked would greatly reduced anyway. Also if you had one for self-defence then what happens if it enters the wrong hands? You 'defence' ironically becomes the attackers 'offence'. If you want any weapon to be legalised, expect a lot of crime related to the weapon in question.	AGAINST
2708	guns	Guns kill peope; just like spoons made Rosie O'Donnel fat.	FAVOR
2709	guns	"The Court limited Miller to the proposition that Ã’the Second Amendment does not protect those weapons not typically possessed by law-abiding citizens for lawful purposes, such as short-barreled shotguns.Ã“  Miller doesn't mention ""law-abiding citizens for lawful purposes.""  It says weapons ""not typically possesed or use by militia"".  In other words, if there was testimony that sawed off shotguns were used by the military, (which they are)then they would be covered by the Second Ammendment.The reason that there was no testimony in this regard is that there was no testimony from the defence at all.  Only the government attended the trial.  No one from the other side was there!"	FAVOR
2710	guns	" Expiration of the assault weapons ban could enable better gun control laws Some gun control advocates actually welcome the expiration of the 1994 assault weapons ban as a means to producing better gun control laws in the future."	FAVOR
2711	guns	His statistics are just as valid as anything the FSA is claiming.	FAVOR
2712	guns	"Department of Justice ""An Updated Assessment of the Federal Assault Weapons Ban: Impacts on Gun Markets and Gun Violence, 1994-2003"" Retrieved 1.23.08"	AGAINST
2713	guns	I currently carry Concealed Weapons Permits(cwp) or Concealed Handgun Licensees(chl) from 3 different states. Two of those state required mandatory training before I was able to obtain the permit or license. Everyone I know that carries practices on a regular basis and/or competes in pistol shooting competition. I have a mandatory 100 rounds a month at the minimum that I must shoot if I am not competing in a competition that month. That is a personal requirement I keep, if I don't shoot that month then I don't carry, from what I have seen from most police firearms training schedules I shoot more than most cops. It is usually closer to 200-300 rounds a month with upwards of 1000 on months with more than one competition or if I can afford it. I am also taking the instructor/range master course this summer so I can teach the class that is necessary to obtain a CWP in my state	FAVOR
2714	guns	  Assault rifles are no different than any other   firearm  . With the exception of appearence. As far as fully automatic weapons go, the only way you can legally own one is to have a federal   firearms   liscense. Which envolves a background check, inspections, properly secured storage, and a nominal fee. Maximum capacity magazines are irrelavent. It's just that much more   money   you send down the barrel when you shoot. When you start talking about banning certain firearms, you leave the door open for other things. High capacity leads to bullet type. appearance leads to caliber. Pretty soon, your down to the pump shotgun and rimfire. If you haven't seen or heard about all of the anti-gun legislature, that is their sole purpose. COMPLETE DISARMAMENT. And anyone that can think for themselves knows that when a   society   can no longer defend themselve from tyrannicle government, freedom and liberty are no longer. Don't let it happen. Your classic styled   guns   or a weekend plinker using an AR type rifle. It's all the same to them.	FAVOR
2715	guns	I also used you. and You are most likely right!I also used you. and You are most likely right!I also used you. and You are most likely right!I also used you. and You are most likely right!I also used you. and You are most likely right!I also used you. and You are most likely right!I also used you. and You are most likely right!I also used you. and You are most likely right!I also used you. and You are most likely right!I also used you. and You are most likely right!I also used you. and You are most likely right!I also used you. and You are most likely right!	FAVOR
2716	guns	The rights of all americans should be the same, no matter which part of the country they live in	FAVOR
2717	guns	Guns don't kill people, poeple kill people. The vast majority of people who commit gun crimes obtain their wepons illegally in the first place, so if guns are taken from the law abideing citizens, you'll have a situation where the outlaws will have guns and the sane people who should be allowed to have guns will be defenseless. also it shifts the balance of power in favor of the politicians instead of the citizenry. It's just one more step towards tyranny. This country started by shooting the poeple who tried to supress us. We can't allow our government to become the very thing we killed to escape from in the first place. Do you really want the politicians to have complete control of you lives?	FAVOR
2718	guns	"The Bill of Rights and the Second Amendment confer only individual rights, not collective rights. There is no such thing is a collective right to bear arms? How would it be excercised and upheld? Moreover, this notion that the Second Amendment confers only a collective, not an individual right, is entirely contrary to the purpose of the Bill of Rights, which confers only individual rights. Certainly, these individual rights may be shared universally, but they cannot be divided from the individual.  "	FAVOR
2719	guns	People with guns are not one bit safer - because if someone else knows they have this gun, they can simply surprise them from behind, and suddenly - another armed criminal is loose.  As far as I am concerned, people who apply for gun permits - have already failed a psychological stability test, for wanting a gun in the first place.  	FAVOR
2720	guns	In Iraq and Afghanistan every time a US soldier gets killed some civilians join to take his spot. So the army is refueled by the people behind it. In the case that an army is turned on its own people you have the issue of where the new soldiers come from. You could conscript them from the cities you capture, but whats to stop them and their CO's from joining the rebels after you supply them with weapons and armor? And say your tank gets blown up, where are they going to remake it? Artillery is a problem, but will Johny boy shoot at his own home?While the government may try to repress a few rebellious cities with the army, they could not ever win a full blown war with the population.  	FAVOR
2721	guns	 A city in Florida tried that two decades ago, it got great press at first but eventually it was clear it wasn't lowering crime and in fact the accidental shootings as well as the hassles to some people who really didn't want to pack heat were simply too much, they repealed it.  It's just not that simple.  Even when you think back to the stereotypical Wild Wild West the truth is NOT EVERYONE carried a gun, not even when faced with lawlessness.  Arming society to the teeth just isn't the answer.  />   /> Also think of the parts of the world where everyone is armed now - Afghanistan, Iraq, Somalia, etc., the presence of all those guns didn't lead to peaceful societies.  The people don't walk around confident no one would dare attack them for fear they'll get gunned down.  Instead the bad guys still make their move, the good or neutral guys hide, and the wide proliferation of guns makes it hard for any civilian or military authority to sort out the good from the bad.	AGAINST
2722	guns	"Unfortunately, Paul Helmke has such a proclivity for stretching the truth or outright lying, that I can hardly bring myself to believe that he ever shot at the YMCA.  The only reason I could believe it is that he grew up in Indiana where they actually honor the Second Amendment to the Untied States Constitution for the most part.  Paul Helmke says, ""Guns are always going to be available to law-abiding citizens.  But we can take steps to make it harder for dangerous people to get dangerous weapons.""  Unfortunately Mr. Helmke is not being completely honest here.  What he leaves out is that SOME guns will always be available to law-abiding citizens (unless we at the Brady Campaign have our way).  If you look at the Brady Campaign's history they have always supported gun bans, and such severe restrictions and taxes, that guns would only be available to the richest Americans.  Please take a look at the laws on the books, all 20,000 or more and tell me if there is anything that should be illegal for someone to do with a gun that is not already illegal.  Once you have done that, ask yourself, ""Why doesn't the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence focus on preventing gun violence?""  They could easily do this by lobbying for harsher punishment of people who buy guns for someone who is not legally allowed to (commonly called straw purchasers), and by arresting people for attempting to buy guns when they are ineligible and they know it (like a felon trying to buy a gun to commit yet another crime). If they focused on these things along with educated children on what to do when they find a gun, they might actually accomplish their stated purpose... reducing gun violence.  They won't do those things because they WANT gun violence to be high so that they can continue to push banning guns and further restricting guns so that fewer and fewer people own them.  The Brady Campaign has no shame in its push to ban so-called ""Assault Weapons"" which are really just semi-automatic guns, no different, and in fact less powerful than 90% of hunting rifles, because they claim that these rifles are only used for mass killings and assaults.  The problem with that logic is that less than 1% of all gun related crime is committed with these so-called ""assault weapons"".  So obviously when the Brady Campaign says that all they want is logical compromise, what they really mean is outright bans on all guns, except those that they personally approve of.  -Matt"	FAVOR
2723	guns	My US Senator voted no to allowing concealed weapons in   national parks  . I proposed a wager to her that if by the end of her term as Senator, there were NO incidents involving conceal weapons, that she resign and not run for re-  election  . If on the other hand, it is proven that there is a statistical correlation that having allowed conceal carry in the national parks made them more dangerous, I would donate $1000.00 to her favorite anti-gun organization in her name. She declined.  	FAVOR
2724	guns	You got that right.Fight to the end!Never back down!	FAVOR
2725	guns	"But respectfully, I'm not sure what your point is. Yes, domestic disputes result in shootings in this country. Yes, many victims know their assailant. But 90% of all violent crimes in the U.S. do not involve a firearm of any type (BATFE, 1999). And of the homicides that involve   guns  , 94.4% are gang related (Homicide trends in the United States, Bureau of Justice Statistics, January 17 2007). ""Other common scenarios? Teen in the house knows where the gun is, gets it out, uses it for his/her means of 'problem solving'"" Can you please quantify what you mean by ""common scenarios""? If by ""common"" you mean less than .1% of all firearm deaths, 25% of which are suicides, then yes, that is a common scenario (CDC WISQARS Injury Mortality Reports, 1981-1998). Most states don't require you to register your guns period, so I'm not sure what relevance your statement about that has. I know a lady who, on April 2 of this year watched her husband get gunned down right in front of her. The attacker shot him in the back of the head, then shot his dead body five more times. It took him so long to get out his weapon, then to wrestle his arm free from two men that attempted to stop him that if she had been allowed to carry a gun in restaurants in this state (a condition that was remedied as of July 14th) she would have been able to save his life. And as for the example of your nurse friend, that is a sad story. I'm glad that she was not killed in the incident and I hope she fully recovered from the attack. But the fact remains that over 4,000 people successfully defend themselves every day in this country with   firearms  . For every   homicide  ,   suicide  , and accidental   shooting  , 10 lives are saved through defensive use of firearms. To answer the question posed by this article, ""Do guns make you safer?"" ask yourself the following questions:Â¥ If guns are effective enough to be a criminal's preferred tool, why are they not good enough to use for protection?Â¥ Why do politicians insist their bodyguards be armed, but not you and I?Â¥ If you and your   children   were face-to-face with a male attacker twice your size, what would you do; If you weren't armed? If you were armed?Â¥ If guns are ""too dangerous"" to be in our   society  , then why do our leaders want to be the only ones who have them? Do you trust our leaders implicitly to protect you at all times?Â¥ Which is better Ã more   gun control   and the eventual banning of all guns in our society, or not sitting by helplessly watching as an intruder repeatedly rapes your 13-year-old daughter?Â¥ If we ever completely ban guns, do you think there would be no more armed criminals in America?Â¥ With so many   gun laws   already on the books, why do ""gun crimes"" still exist?    /gun-facts-5.1-screen.pdfSeriously. Take a minute to really ponder those questions. If you do, and you go out and talk to people who own guns and have used them in defense of their lives you will come to a couple of realizations. First, guns save lives. There are too many examples of people using them to protect themselves to argue with that. Second, the vast majority of gun owners are nothing like the picture painted by the   media  . I am an active pro-gun supporter and have daily dealings with others who share a like mind. And I can tell you that they are very aware of and concerned with obeying   the law  , especially when it comes to the carry and use of their guns. Most of us know our gun laws better than the average citizen. We have to because even in states that are generally pro-gun (like Tennessee, where I live) there is a patchwork of different gun regulations and restrictions. For example, it will be   legal   as of Sept. 1 of this year to carry in our state parks, but many municipalities will be ""opting out"" of this   law  , banning guns in their parks. So we always have to be aware of when and where we can and can't carry. And almost all of us obey those laws to the letter. Some by locking their guns in their   cars   before entering parks and restaurants that do not allow carry, and others by just not going there in the first place. There are plenty of other places that are glad to take our   money  .Finally, for the record ""a lot"" does not constitute a statistic. "	FAVOR
2726	guns	Ursamajor: Thank you for your last post--I commend you for your respons-ible attitude reference carrying and for caring about others you may begathered with...If badguys outside your work facility cud be a danger,cudn't your agency place weapons lockers inside your JDC [like adultjails] so you can secure your firearm as you enter and retrieve it upondeparture? I presume the center has a secure doorway into the interior.Perhaps your superiors will consider adopting this?..Aaron Allen..	FAVOR
2727	guns	We have a winner folks! Jeff hit the nail on the head. Law-abiding citizens are just that. It's the thugs and scum that you have to worry about. Not the legally armed citizens of our country. Wake up people. You're not going to keep   guns   out of the hands of criminals by taking them out of mine. Just like you haven't kept drugs off the streets of America. Narcotics are absolutely illegal to use without a doctor's prescription, everywhere, all the time. And what effect have laws against them had? None. So what makes you think that guns will be any different? The answer: ignorance. Actually, I don't even believe that is true. Deep down you know it's true, but you refuse to acknowledge it. Well, it's time to do so America. The 2nd Amendment is not going away, and neither are the legally armed citizens of this country.Let's put a little more emphasis on putting criminals behind bars and keeping them there and little less on criminalizing   legal   behavior. 	FAVOR
2728	guns	"Do you realize your talking about empires, which existed hundreds of years ago, when there weren't ""hardcore"" gangsters and a black market, people abided by the rules or wouldnt have life."	AGAINST
2729	guns	"I personally, feel I have a responsibility to keep firearms in such a manner as not to intrigue children. My brother has several young ones, and we have 2 large safe's to house our guns. When they are old enough to understand, each of the children will have guns explained to them, their capabilities and safe handling. I think you need to demystify guns to prevent youth endangerment. these few ""accidental"" deaths of children (pools kill more kids by the way, I think thats on the CDC website) I believe occur because no one took the time to sit little johnny or susie down and say this is mommy or daddy's gun. this is how it works and this is why you shouldn't touch it. if you want to see it, ask mom or dad, and we'll make it safe for you to understand.the ballistics primer- those aren't watered down for civilians, thats really the capability of the platform. You take an AR-15 from me, from your local military base, or your local PD and thats what it'll do.as for your capacity restriction question- again more random facts, most states do have capacity restrictions for game hunting, and for a rifle it is usually 5 rounds. I'm not preaching, just making you aware of it.why should civilians have the right to higher capacity magazines? I apologize, but I'm not sure where to find the #s of shootings where x number of rounds is fired in a concise package. My guess is the FBI has it somewhere, but who knows how long that will take to tease out. Anyway- what I'm going for is there are many many violent assaults each year where multiple criminals attack, beat, rape, and kill. Even if your local PD has a fantastic response time of 2 minutes- 2 minutes is a long time to keep many individuals at bay while you retreat and try to get you and yours to safety.finally a note on 50 caliber rifles- They've never been used in a crime. The caliber has been around for nearly a 100 or so years give or take. It doesn't get used in crimes. rifles in that caliber start around 2000 dollars. ammunition is several dollars per round. Its not going to be picked up on the black market as a hot item to commit crimes with. It's just not. also you wanna ban 50 cal weapons? by doing so you ban many blackpowder/musket style rifles, which are extremely popular for traditional hunters and marksmen. if you ban 50+ cal weapons, you pretty much make every gun in the revolutionary war illegal. Also- 12 gauge shotguns, with a nominal bore diameter of nearly .7 inches, would also become illegal.basically your spelling death to much of the current level of north American hunting. Not sure if thats what you want, but thats what it would be. You'd be outlawing so much, to prevent something that has never been misused, from continuing to not be misused.I'm sorry for all the car analogies, but I feel like its an easy to understand parallel. Thats like banning cars because some cars go over 200 mph. Sure no one goes over 200 mph on your street, but in theory, with enough money, someone could- so lets just get rid of all automobiles and go to mopeds."	FAVOR
2730	guns	" If the 2nd amendment was to protect an individual right it would have clearly expressed it If the intentions of the framers had been to protect an individual right to bear arms, they would have clearly expressed this. Yet, the Second Amendment is not at all clear about an individual right to bear arms. The natural reading of the clause would indicate that the right relates only to the first, qualifying clause that states, ""A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free State..."". It is a stretch to read into the language an individual right. If this was the case, why wouldn't they simply have explicitly stated that an ""individual right to bear arms should not be infringed""."	AGAINST
2731	guns	Outlaw guns, then only outlaws will have guns.	FAVOR
2732	guns	Of course I agree. But then again you pull a gun on a subway EVEN though one's pulled on you, your gonna end up in jail. Unless you've got a concealed weapon license.	FAVOR
2733	guns	 Everyone?  No.	AGAINST
2734	guns	"Adam,-I don't trust my community to make decisions about my self defense any more than I trust them to make decisions about how I should raise my   kids  . And I live in Tennessee, which is a fairly gun friendly state, despite or non gun friendly governor. The community has no right to make decisions that directly affect my personal safety just so they can feel safer.-Protecting yourself may not be a duty, but I don't see how you could argue that protecting your family is. I, however, consider protecting myself a duty, as I am the provider for my family. But I certainly won't tell you that it is your duty. I'm out of your life. All I'm asking is that you get out of mine.-You may disagree that gun restrictions only have negative effects, but there is ample evidence that they do NOT have the positive effects that the   gun control   lobby suggests they will. There is also pretty solid evidence that less restrictions for   law  -abiding citizens have a positive effect. ---For example, Washington D.C. implemented their gun ban in 1976, and between 1976 and 1991, the   homicide   rate there rose 200% while the rest of the country saw only a 12% increase. ---In ""More Guns, Less Crime"" John Lott showed that concealed carry laws accounted for 8.5% decrease in the   murder   rate, a 5% decrease in rape, and 7% decrease in assaults.-I really don't see why   gun rights   represent the freedom to threaten terrible violence. Remember that when we talk about gun rights we are only speaking of those who should have   guns   in the first place. No organization, pro or anti-gun, advocates more guns in the hands of criminals. That's just ludicrous. It's illegal now, and it will continue to be illegal. ---In addition, if you take a look at statistics, you will find that carry permit holders in the U.S. are among the most law-abiding citizens in the U.S. Very, very rarely do the ""display"" their guns when in public. The majority of permit holders carry concealed for myriad reasons. Among them is respect for those that are less familiar or scared of guns, to avoid any type of elevated tensions.---Gun ownership may not help your sense of security, but to be blunt, that's just tough. I'm not asking you to carry a gun, or to even own one and keep it locked in a safe. And the truth of the matter is, if you don't live in one of the two states that completely prohibit you from carrying a gun, you have unknowingly stood in line behind a person carrying a gun. You have sat across from them at a restaurant. You have bumped into them walking down the street. Is it your experience that gun owners just take their guns out and wave them around for everyone to see? Of course not. That's because we take the responsibility of gun ownership very seriously. We, as a whole, are more versed in   gun laws   than the general population because we have to be constantly aware of where and when we can and cannot carry. We, as a whole, are better trained and more practiced than many (not all, of course) law enforcement agents. And there are PLENTY of quotes from the Brady Campaign that show that they seek to ban all   firearms   eventually, in a phased approach.-What about ideologically-driven insiders? As of now, the   supreme court   has ruled that I have a right to carry a firearm, as long as I am not a convicted criminal, etc. But the state of Illinois says I don't have that right. And they say it because they are ideologically-driven, not fact driven. There are no studies that show a correlation between gun control and a decrease in   crime  , so what other motivation can they have besides ideology? "	FAVOR
2735	guns	Guns don't kill people. People kill people. So you guys think that since guns kill people, we should ban those, right? Knives kill people too, should they be banned? We cut our meat with knives so no. We kill animals and eat their meat with guns so no we shouldn't ban guns.	FAVOR
2736	guns	The math you have used is all wrong. You multiplied instead of dividing. Using your figure of 5.6 per 100k and assuming that firearm ownership triples the rate, then the rate in homes NOT owning a firearm would be 1/3 of  5.6, which is 1.86 (repeating).But even so, it doesn't work that way, because the figure of 5.6 per 100k is a mathematical average based on national data. It does not reflect the situation in any given household. Its like saying that 45% of Americans own a dog. That does not mean that 45% of every household has a dog (or that every household has 45% of a dog!). To generate meaningful data, you would have to do a study of the homicide rate in households with and without a gun, in a sample population. The data from national   crime   rate reports is too general to draw those kinds of specific conclusions. 	AGAINST
2737	guns	That's why even they can't provide a study that shows that banning   guns  , or even restricting access to them by   law  -abiding citizens results in a reduction in   crime  . However, if you have access to such a study, can you please provide it here? I will personally forward it to the Brady Campaign if you can. On the other hand, there are plenty of studies that show a reduction in crime in areas where handgun carry is allowed. So to say that the evidence is ambiguous is a misrepresentation of the facts. And in general I agree with your statement on anecdotes. But they do serve to emphasize a point. I guess you said that though, didn't you? ;-) Good closing statement too. 	FAVOR
2738	guns	Fair point I guess. Sad though that you have to live like cowboys to feel safe. This 'seige' mentality will ultimately get you nowhere I feel. The French managed to have a revolution without a second amendment and this line of thinking will never move your society forward. So sure, keep your guns and your death penalty, and out of control society like the US obviously needs both. When you're ready to join the rest of the first world let me know! (Although I feel the U.S. is sewing the seeds of it's own destruction and will probably implode from within in the next 100-150 years?) Luckily there are states in the north east that are more akin to European of thinking. You know, the trouble with the gun lobby and the death penalty addicts is that most of them are in the south - which also wanted to fight for keeping slavery. Weird, huh? My guess is that this debate can still be drawn along the north - south divide.	AGAINST
2739	guns	My fiancee works in city center Philadelphia and is, wind permitting, a well hocked loogie from some not very nice places.  Given that her calves are about the size of my biceps, she can offer about zero effective resistance to anyone offering  her violence.  I hope she never needs to use the pistol she carries, but I'm glad she has it.	FAVOR
2740	guns	Sure, I guess what you are saying is possible.  If I have a gun and I stick it in the perp's face, he may think he is being threatened and react violently.But that would be the last violent reaction he would ever make.What?  Am I supposed to just cower in a corner and let the perp do whatever he wants to do to me and my family?Hell NO!	FAVOR
2741	guns	" A handgun ban deprives citizens of the most commonly used weapon for self defense The handgun is used more commonly than any other weapons in self defense in the home. Roughly 80 percent of all self-defense occurs with handguns, according to some sources.[9] This is because it is small, can be easily stowed in a house where it may be of need, and because it is easy to wield and fire. To ban a weapon that is so important in self-defense would reduce the capacity of citizens to defend themselves, making citizens more vulnerable, and possibly inviting further robberies.  "	FAVOR
2742	guns	 No.......period. My son hunts and enjoys the sport.	FAVOR
2743	guns	"even if   guns   were illegal in the US. 99% of the criminals that use them get them illegally and or do not register them. Do you really think if there were   gun laws   the criminals are just going to go ""Oh, i guess i wont use guns anymore"" NO. We civil people who get our guns legally and registure them will have our guns taken away while crimnals will walk the streets with there black market guns that have not been registered. so the question is ""You start walking home from the bar with your wife. A group of men approach you on a dark street. You have your hands. Do you feel safe?"" the answer will always be NO. If you dont like the RIGHT we have to bare arms, then you should start learning chinnese because your best bet is to move to China!"	FAVOR
2744	guns	"Guns are bad period. Dont assume that ""the upperclass"" are any less capable of using them in a corrupted fashion.Remember human nature is human nature. No-one is exempt from human nature.Time has proved again and again Anyone is capable of snapping."	AGAINST
2745	guns	 Gun control laws such as minors can't buy them, criminals can't buy them legally.. Those are good gun control laws. Taking away guns is not going to stop people from killing each other. If I wanted to kill someone, I could stick my pencil alongside their eyeball and they would die. I could put a detonator in a bag of chicken manure and blow up a whole car full of people, should we outlaw chicken manure?	AGAINST
2746	guns	I'm not at all sure I trust anyone on campus with me with a concealed-carry weapon if they're just a student. What if they're paranoid enough to carry a concealed-carry weapon simply because they're paranoid? There's absolutely no assurance that whoever has the gun won't overreact to a tense situation, or a perceived attack, and shoot unarmed people. I support concealed-carry in the hands of people trained to use a gun and discriminate between hostile people and those who are just panicked. Random people with the money to obtain a gun and the nervousness to want to carry one every day do not inspire me with confidence. 	AGAINST
2747	guns	It is a sad fact that some do harm themselves and loved ones with guns.  They also do it more often with automobiles but I digress.  To blame the availability of a thing is to miss the point entirely.  It's a lazy dodge to blame the inanimate object for the foibles of humanity.  It's not unlike blaming the alcoholic for having a mouth in which to pour the source of their affliction.  We tried prohibition and you see what that got us; rum runners, gang wars, criminalizing the average citizen, etc.  Your suppositions hold as much water as a colander.  In the latest data which was done in 2006, the percentage of ALL gun deaths in the home where either a family member or acquaintance was killed equaled 2%.  Agreed, thatÃ•s too many.  BUT, for the same period involving ALL gun deaths via police on innocents, try 10%!  So, if weÃ•re to bandy stats for the sake of argument, where do you have a better chance of getting whacked?  Excuse me, but IÃ•ll think IÃ•ll stay home tonightÃ‰ with my guns.	FAVOR
2748	guns	You can kill someone with a car, should cars be banned in america?	FAVOR
2749	guns	" The individual right to arms is necessary to a well-regulated militia Further, Tucker writes of the English Bill of Rights: ""The bill of rights, 1 W. and M, says Mr. Blackstone, (Vol. 1 p. 143), secures to the subjects of England the right of having arms for their defence, suitable to their condition and degree. In the construction of these game laws it seems to be held, that no person who is not qualified according to law to kill game, hath any right to keep a gun in his house. Now, as no person, (except the game-keeper of a lord or lady of a manor) is admitted to be qualified to kill game, unless he has 100l. per annum, &amp;c. it follows that no others can keep a gun for their defence; so that the whole nation are completely disarmed, and left at the mercy of the government, under the pretext of preserving the breed of hares and partridges, for the exclusive use of the independent country gentlemen. In America we may reasonably hope that the people will never cease to regard the right of keeping and bearing arms as the surest pledge of their liberty."""	FAVOR
2750	guns	"""Shouldn't this study have concluded that a gun in the house, when shot at somebody, is almost always used to shoot a criminal if this was true? How could   guns   be killing innocent people, even suicidal people, at such a higher rate than criminals? Suicidal people should be a minor blip in the results compared to criminal   deaths   if the NRA claims are true. But they're not.""Let's see the proof. There are plenty of studies that show that guns are used far more to prevent   crime   than commit it. But since you seem to be privy to the only known study that shows otherwise, perhaps you wouldn't mind sharing it with the rest of us?"	FAVOR
2751	guns	"""Home invasions almost always means that they are just there for your stuff.""Actually, yes. Thousands of burglaries happen every day, and I'm sure in a lot of cases they happen when people are at home. There are not, however, thousands of the scenario you described. So, yes, home invasion almost always means that they are there for your stuff.""Uh, who's going to collect the insurance?""If they were to burgle my house, then me. I'd buy some nice shiny new shit, and enjoy it knowing that I didn't get shot in the face because I tried to be a hero."	AGAINST
2752	guns	"While the oft touted phrase, ""Guns don't kill people, people kill people."", is used to separate the act from the object, the fact is that   firearms   act as a facilitator of violence. The simple fact is that access to firearms makes it much easier for people to kill one another. In many cases, the presence of a firearm escalates a situation from an otherwise non-fatal incident into a homicide. So while it is technically true that firearms do not kill people in-and-of themselves, they make it much easier for people to kill each other. However, this is not to say that firearms cannot have a role in preventing violence, but rather that the relationship between firearms and the occurrence of violence is more complex than it appears."	AGAINST
2753	guns	 We have too many gun laws now as it is. Criminals do not walk into gun shops and purchase guns. Do stricter laws stop dope from being used and sold? The solution to the gun problem is harher penalties for illegal gun use. If a person commits a crime with a gun, they go to jail for life without the possibility of parole. The more people carrying legal firearms, actually lowers crime rates. The criminals do not know who is armed and who is not.	FAVOR
2754	guns	"To maintain the handgun ban a change in the constitution is imperative The constitution is the basis for allowing gun possession within the US society. All court decisions go back to the Second Amendment text and interpret it either  by the spirit of the law or by the letter of the law. The actual possibility of possession of guns within the US society is  guaranteed through the existence of the amendment per se. Constant interpretations and different conclusions drawn upon the same text mean that any radical decisions regarding banning guns can always be argued against based on the same text of the amendment.If consensus is reached about enacting such a change within society such as banning guns than it must be legitimized  by a change in the constitution .In this will reflect a common will of the people in the  foundation  of all the legal system within the US i.e the constitution."	FAVOR
2755	guns	     I really can't understand how so many can be so mislead. Simple fact tells us that when you remoive   guns   from   society   violent   crime   increases and when guns are allowed violent crime decreases. If you need more information than that I feel sorry for you.	FAVOR
2756	guns	I checked out some comparative crime rates by country. In other crimes the United States didn't fare too well, but they were not as outstanding as they were with gun deaths. So it seems that only in gun deaths does the United States really stand out.	AGAINST
2757	guns	"The idea that ""communities should be able to decide""--How far does that go, or does local rule only apply to the second amendment?  Was it interference of ideologically-driven outsiders when civil rights organizers came from halfway across the country to try to end racial segregation?  Does the city get to forbid a Muslim Mosque?  There is a pretty clear divide between lawful gun owners and criminals.  The ones that will be stopped by a law aren't the ones you need worry about--they will obey the existing laws against murder and assault.   The ones who will murder and assault aren't going to obey gun laws, either.  I keep seeing statements that the Brady Campaign and their associates won't violate the fundamental right to bear arms, but I have never seen a statement of what guns we would have left, if the Brady Campaign were completely successful.    I suspect .22 bolt-action rifles, .410 shotguns and not much else. All of the following have been proposed as ""reasonable restrictions"":The assault weapons ban covered guns that held too much ammo, or looked scary. It covered handguns that were too large and heavy.  It regulated bayonet mounts and the way the wood was carved.   It forbid handguns that were too large, or that held their magazines in front of the grip, or that were called ""Uzi"".   The Gun Control Act of 1967 covered imported Saturday Night Specials that working class people could afford.   Several localities have extended that restriction to domestically produced guns with the same features and design.  Guns .50 caliber and larger are ""too powerful"" and ""used to bring down airplanes"". A ban on ""cop killer"" bullets capable of penetrating police body armor.  Many people not familiar with the details would think that these are all reasonable restrictions.  However: The Glock models 17 and 22 are the standard full-sized handgun that many police departments issue. They are large enough that many departments issue the slightly smaller models 19 and 23 instead.  All of these guns, as carried by tens of thousands of policemen were covered by the now expired assault weapons ban--""too big"" for civilians to carry unless you used special reduced capacity magazines.  Oddly, they are also covered by the 1967 law--Glock has to put click-adjustable sights on them to get enough ""points"" so they are not classified as a ""Saturday Night Special"" or ""Junk Gun"".   The click sighs are generally replaced by the original versions by the importer before sale.  If these guns are simultaneously too big and too small, what is left in between? The ""cop killer"" rules would ban ALL common rifle ammunition except .22 rimfire.  The standard body armor as worn by police is only meant to protect against handguns--in order to protect against rifle with current technology, the armor would need to be far bulkier than it is.   Some of the laws that are promoted as banning the .50BMG also cover revolutionary war flintlock muskets, and all common shotguns except the .410.  There is usually an exception for shotguns ""particularly suitable for sporting purposes"" as decided by some bureaucrat-- But we promise this won't be used to take *your* shotgun, honest. . Hollow point ammo is ""so deadly it is forbidden to be used in warfare"", and therefore not suitable.  Jacketed ammo is ""too military"".  To me, gun rights represent freedom and self-reliance rather than subservience.  They do not represent the right to use my gun to get my way--If I use a gun or the threat of one to win an argument, I should be prosecuted and go to jail.  I already have the power to take life.  The gun gives me the power to protect life and liberty.  "	FAVOR
2758	guns	"The statistical facts you talk about have severe flaws when trying to use them to justify more laws.  First is counting suicide as ""gun violence"", assuming that all those who choose a gun would not find another method if guns are not available.  (Japan...) Even if that were true, an increased risk of suicide may be a reason to try to convince people to voluntarily give up guns.  It is not sufficient justification to eliminate freedom and choice.  Second is the definition of ""used in self defense"".  Over 90% of the time when a law-abiding person defends with a gun, no shots are necessary.  These studies insist that the defender must shoot or kill someone before it counts as ""used in self defense"".  My definition of defense is quite different--If someone runs away I will let them, and consider that the best possible outcome to a bad situation.  Finally, households with convicted criminals have many times higher rates of gun violence-Not even in the same league as the law abiding.  Eliminate these people from your sample and the ""violence"" rates plummet. It isn't the guns causing the danger, it is the criminal behavior, including illegally possessing guns.  Adding laws that restrict the behavior of the law-abiding in order to stop criminals who are already ignoring existing laws isn't logical.  Ally in the sense of having goals in common, and rarely conflicting.  Not as in ""members of the same team, working together to capture criminals"".  As far as safer?   Without legal firearms criminals have a much clearer idea of who makes a good victim-Pick a small weak looking person walking alone, and a knife, or even a couple of similarly inclined associates are plenty.  Lawful guns create a shield effect, even to those not using them.  Spree shootings aren't CAUSED by ""no gun"" zones, they are caused by spree shooters.  Spree shootings have fewer victims when there is someone on the scene who can shoot back-In more than one case, to the point of not being large-scale despite evidence that was the intent.  In most cases, that means a license holder.  Spree shooters realize this, and if they have a choice of venue, they are likely to pick the one where guns are forbidden. ""Arm everyone"" is not what is proposed.  When states adopt objective licensing criteria, licenses seem to stabilize at roughly 2% of the population, roughly 10 years later.  All available data says that this 2% is many times more law abiding and less violent than the general population.  The idea that ""most people"" would rather have ""everyone disarmed"" flies in the face of gun ownership rates--Somewhere between 1/4 and 1/2 of American households own guns, and many who don't own guns still think that it should be allowed. What ""most people"" would like to see is enforcement of existing laws.  When someone fails a gun purchase background check, there is an arrest about 1% of the time--There should be a police investigation 100% of the time, and a whole lot more arrests.  "	FAVOR
2759	guns	on behalf of my hubby..............................................have  an upvote!...he liked this one.;)	FAVOR
2760	guns	"Handguns are particularly needed for self-defense in a crime-ridden DC. Handguns are most needed for self-defense in the hands of citizens that are under the most threat, such as in DC's crime-ridden streets. A ban on handguns in DC is contrary to this logic."	FAVOR
2761	guns	"The handgun ban prevents law abiding citizens from self defense The present large amount of guns within the US society and the even larger black market of guns provides the proof that inevitably post any banning of guns  they will still be present in society. Their existence will be confined to an illegal paradigm where law abiding citizens will not have access. That will put them at the risk of loosing their lives by being without means of self-protection."	FAVOR
2762	guns	"I've read through many of the comments, and I thought I would add my own comments to the foray.First of all, I want to establish that morality plays the primary role in this discussion. Morality issubjective. What one believes is right, and wrong. These ideas may or may not coincide with whatyou or I believe, however they deserve the chance to be voiced. Hitler was viewed as evil to themajority of the world, though he himself, and his most dedicated of followers, believed that theywere right, and the only thing to prove that they were wrong, was escalation of force. Hitler wasoverthrown during WW2 and committed suicide, the only thing that this proved was that we as partof the Allies, had the might and motivation to prove that our moral standpoint was the right one. Osama Bin Laden, believes that his actions against the U.S.A. and any supporter of our country, as  well as the majority of the countries who do not follow his beliefs, are evil. These are moralstandpoints, and really cannot be argued to totality except through escalation of force.Having stated such, I currently serve in the U.S. Army, as a soldier, I am required, and proud tobe able to defend my country, and the rights they believe in. Now, defending a person(s) orcountries ""rights"" is not just a defensive measure. In times of need, when required OFFENSIVEstrategies are required to ensure that a person(s) or entities ""rights"" are thereby preserved throughthe course of time. If we would have known beyond a reasonable doubt, that 9/11 was going tohappen, and stopped the course of events before the 9/11 tragedy occurred, would any of yousit back a say ""Well they didn't pull it off, let's let bygones be bygones.""? no, we would not.We would as we are today, be afraid that something like this would happen, might happen, and something worse would happen. We would be obligated to go on the offensive and our actionsare justified by the reasoning that a person intends us harm.Just by being a soldier, I am doing something that less that 1% of the total of the U.S. populationcannot, or will not do. However, against all odds, I hope and pray, that when the day comes, thata foreign entity decides that they have the audacity to invade the U.S.A., that I will have my fellowcountrymen take up whatever arms they can acquire, be it fully automatic rifles, pistols, grenades,dynamite, nitroglycerin, or C4 explosive, and help me and my comrades defend what we believeis right and just. Saying that this will never happen is like saying that 9/11 will never happen. Well,it happened, and the only thing one needs to do is take an interest in history to notice that theonly thing another country needs to invade another country is greed, envy of what another countryhas, that they want for themselves.My father was military for the majority of my adolescence. He taught me a respect for guns, andweapons of all nature. I've had, or used a weapon of some type since I was 5 years old. I am now32 years old. What would I do, if our country decided that a person did not have the ""right"" tokeep and bear arms? I know what I would do, I would hide my weapons against any search andseizure, and continue to keep them for purposes of protection, be it defensive or offensiveprotection. I will not ever, capitulate to any aggressive entity that will threaten the lives of my family,or myself, not the property that we have worked hard for."	FAVOR
2763	guns	Some people are afraid of   firearms  . Firearms are as safe as cars, power saws, electricity and many other things in every day life.I read a story about people that were afraid to go to a National Park because they would run into people carry firearms. And the problem is what? 48 states have concealed carry laws. You have been around prople carrying firearms and didn't know it. There are millions of us.We look just like everyone else. We are factory workers,   doctors  , farmers, lawyers, nurses, store clerks and house wifes. You have been next to us in super markets, malls, banks and on the street.We are trained, licensed   law   abiding citizens that carry a firearm for personal protection. Are we suddenly going to go crazy just because we are in a National Park and start killing people? The only ones who have to fear us are rapists, robbers, and other assorted criminals that wish to harm us.Quit worrying about us the next time you go to a park, and have a great time! 	FAVOR
2764	guns	 I think the underlying problems is not that there are too many   guns  , on the other hand there are too many criminals. We want to blame an inanimate object for the obvious failure of the   parenting   skills of a large part of the population. Lets start at the root of the problem, we are raising our   children   to be criminals. Criminals that steal, rob and rape and   murder  . If these people were raised to value human life, who were raised to KNOW the difference between right and wrong, to stay away from those who do not, and raised their voices when they saw the law being broken, then we would not have the need to carry guns. Its not the guns that should be regulated its the parenting skills of people who do not get involved in their children's lives. These   kids   run the streets  following the gangs, listening to music that glorifies the types of behaviors that we as a   society   abhor. And we question why they wound up dead in front of a liquor store. Was it a gun that killed your teen son?  NO!  IT WAS YOU!  You had the responsibility to raise him to be an upright young man and YOU FAILED! Don't blame guns, look in the mirror. Your child is why I must carry a gun to protect my life and the safety of my loved ones	FAVOR
2765	guns	if a robber came in your house you would want a gun.	FAVOR
2766	guns	"And show me where it says that ONLY members of a militia have the right to bear arms. This is a typical anti-gun misinterpretation of the 2nd Amendment, and it is wrong. The Supreme Court has said it's wrong, history has said it's wrong, and even our founding fathers have said it's wrong. ""Arms in the hands of the citizens may be used at individual discretion for the defense of the country, the overthrow of tyranny or private self-defense."" - John Adams""No free man shall ever be debarred the use of arms in his own lands."" - Thomas JeffersonI could go on.What it is saying is, since there is a need for a militia, the ""right to bear arms shall not be infringed."" Nowhere does it say that ""the right shall not be infringed if you are a member of a militia."" "	FAVOR
2767	guns	"Worldwide the ownership of handguns has been correlated with higher homicide rates It has been empirically proven that among countries of the world the ones with the lowest private ownership of handguns have a significantly lower homicide rate."	AGAINST
2768	guns	"The DC handgun ban has not really decreased crime and murders in DC. Since the handgun ban was first implemented in 1976, more than 8,400 people have been murdered in the district. This is a fairly dramatic figure and demonstrates that the ban has not had a substantive effect in reducing crime rates."	FAVOR
2769	guns	It may just be a pedantic point, but the US armed forces do not swear to defend the government.  The swear (and I swore) to defend the Constitution against enemies foreign AND domestic.-James	FAVOR
2770	guns	" Police support a ban on assault weapons Police, those that have the most experience dealing with crime, are strongly in favor of gun control laws. Why is this? First, many cops have been killed by assault weapons, and these brave law enforcement officers must consistently deal with the fear that criminals they encounter will be packing assault weapons. Second, they recognize that assault weapons are used by some criminals and madmen to inflict maximum casualties. Finally, they see first hand instances in which assault weapons can be used offensively and defensively, and it is notable that they conclude, ultimately, that assault weapons should not be available to the public. "	AGAINST
2771	guns	" The US 2nd Amendment does not merely protect a right to arms in militias "	FAVOR
2772	guns	" Assault weapons empower the deranged to kill many people. - While the phrase ""guns don't kill people, people kill people"" is used widely, what it misses is the extent to which assault weapons enable deranged individuals to kill massively. "	AGAINST
2773	guns	Way more people are killed each year by car crashes than by gun violence. Should we ban cars too?	FAVOR
2774	guns	For one Obama is staying Way far away from the gun debate with good reason. He knows better. It would draw the focus away from the things he actually wants to get done, which is exactly what the GOP wants so they can paint him as a failure and get a right wing back in the white house.He's carefully avoiding intractable issues like   gun law  , until more pressing and solvable issues are taken care of.For two, capitalizing on knee jerk reactions to further polarize voters it was Republicans who sponsored a bill attempting to reinstate the   assault weapons   ban.Specifically...H.R. 6257: 110th Congress Assault Weapons Ban Reauthorization Act of 2008Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen [R-FL18]Rep. Michael Ferguson [R-NJ7]Rep. Christopher Shays [R-CT4]Rep. Michael Castle [R-DE]    	FAVOR
2775	guns	"The statement of ""Guns kill people, Guns kill children"" is false guns dont kill people, people kill people.Guns should be aloud everywere GUNS ARE GOOD."	FAVOR
2776	guns	I meant that I wanted guns to be kept in the right hands. I did not mean that I wanted guns to be banned.	FAVOR
2777	guns	"I love my family. I protect my family. An intruder would not hesitate to use his/her weapon of choice. I would not hesitate to protect my family. I would choose this decision as opposed to living with what I chose ""not"" to do when someone I loved was harmed in a home invasion."	FAVOR
2778	guns	Sorry but after reading many of the pathetic comments in response this topic, I have to wonder about the intellectual capacity of the people making the comments. First off it has been proven on many occasions that guns are not the problem and that more guns in the hands of Law Abiding citizens actually deters crime. You don't have to take my word for it, do your due diligence and go no further than the FBI crime statistics and right to carry states.Your fear of guns stems from a complete ignorance of facts which is readily displayed in many of the postings here. It would behoove you to actually do some research on the subject at hand before your write something that will be published for public scrutiny. And keep in mind when you go to battle based on emotional hearsay with no facts, you generally lose.Fact 1. Your math is incorrect. Again I refer to actual crime statistics and right to carry comparisons. Every state, county, city that has restrictive gun control has a higher violent crime rate than those that exercise right to carry. And again that is based on facts in evidence from the FBI, not some emotional knee jerk reaction... as 99% of the anti-gun rhetoric is wont to be.Fact 2. Gun control does not solve the problem, education does. Watch these three clips and begin to understand your stance is one of ignorant emotional fear.-      - John Stossel 20/20-      - Canada's failed gun control-      - England's failed gun control-      - The woman is on the phone with the POLICE! When she has to use her recently acquired hand gun to save her life. Proof that when you have a choice between 911 and 1911... 1911 is a sure fire way to stay alive.Fact 3. Over 2,000,000 crimes are deterred annually by legally armed citizens. Again these facts can be verified by FBI crime data.I am not going to provide you with the links to the FBI crime data because you can easily find it yourself. That is if your are truly an open minded individual that is ready to accept that maybe your stance is not only based on lies but untenable at best.Thing is I can pretty much with a 99% certainty guarantee you won't even watch any of the videos provided either Mainly because most Liberals I have run into cannot and will not deal with facts. They would rather deal in emotion and use yelling and name calling to attempt to derail a debate or argument that is going against them. Saw that when Ron Paul was kicking arse in the debates, and again with Obama and McCain. Anyhow you will continue to cower in fear due to your ignorance, which you could easily remedy by doing some solid fact searching, while good honest law abiding citizens are out there protecting you by exercising their right to carry.The bottom line is you and your agenda are not the solution, you are part of the problem. But you are incapable of admitting or seeing that since you use emotion instead of logic, reason and intelligence guide your through life. Too bad too, you are in a position to actually provide a solution through education, but you chose instead to use fear. Just like the last administration did and the current one will continue to do.Sincerely a law abiding gun owner and a veteran.	FAVOR
2779	guns	"Deborah Sontag. ""Assault weapons ban comes to end: A dud? Since prohibition's end, no spike in sales"". International Herald Tribune. April, 2005"	FAVOR
2780	guns	All of those school shootings... I highly doubt that the kids went out and bought them themselves. More than likely, they were retrieved from home.When you're out in public, anyone could have a gun. Only government officials, such as the police, should carry guns.	AGAINST
2781	guns	WELL said ,they were aware of the dangers therin,and at the same time they wrote the second ammendment....Sounds like foreknowledge...Todays ELITE & intellectuals have a long way to go to catch the smarts of our fathers...	FAVOR
2782	guns	The second amendment wasnt for people to start killing each other, it was for the creation of the militia. Guns in America, are supposed to keep this world a better place, however, it doesnt do that at all, it only allows criminals to commit crimes. It definetly doesnt protect anyone from anything, it only harms the people of this country. And yea, I get that many people save themselves from the criminals that break into their house or try to rape them, but half the time thats not the case.	AGAINST
2783	guns	" The individual right to form a militia has been eliminated in America In 1903, Theodore Roosevelt passed the Militia Act. This created the National Guard as it exists  today, elevating this militia to a fully state-run and regulated militia. At this point, the idea of an independent, citizen-run militia was effectively ended, and replaced by a more advanced, capable, and useful militia. With this state-run militia becoming the only legitimate militia, it became impossible that citizens would have an individual right to bear arms in order to form an independent militia. No such independent militia is allowable in modern America.  "	AGAINST
2784	guns	"Two words: Kennesaw, Georgia. In 1982 they enacted a   law   requiring every head of household to have a gun. They haven't had a   homicide   in twenty years. Show me another town of similar size in the U.S., especially one that bans handguns altogether, that can make that claim. ""Still, far fewer people would die given the majority of   deaths   are passion-related - killed by someone you know and/or love.""Wrong. The majority of handgun deaths are gang related. You could argue that rival gangs' hatred of each other is ""passion"" but that's not what the statement implies. Get rid of gangs, and you go a long way toward eliminating handgun violence.""except for law enforcement or for personal use to defend against other handguns.""So handguns should be eliminated, except for self defense use? I'm confused. Isn't that the major reason   gun rights   advocates are for handguns? It's sure the reason I carry one. And I like how you assert that it's bad to have handguns, but an Uzi is OK. That's rational. "	FAVOR
2785	guns	"lets reveiw it AGAIN shall we?it states ""the right of the PEOPLE to keep and bear Arms shall not be infringed."" hmmm.....people!?....HEY! THAT US o_O"	FAVOR
2786	guns	"A 2nd Amendment that confers individual rights would be too expansive in limiting government. Oral arguments in DC vs. Heller. March 19th, 2008 - ""One of the troublesome aspects of viewing this as a right of personal use is that that is the kind of fundamental liberty interest that would create a real potential for disruption. Once you unmoor it from -- or untether it from its connection to the protection of the State militia, you have the kind of right that could easily be restrictions on State and local governments""..."	AGAINST
2787	guns	 You blame a single object on a single factor. You completely ignore the individual human factor. We don't need to make guns illegal, they aren't illegal in those countries you stated, we need to improve our children's education.	FAVOR
2788	guns	" Naumadd, I'm not against anyone that thinks there shouldn't be alternatives to lethal force. But consider this, How many times have you heard of an assailant or theif or serial rapist that got out of prison and didn't turn right around and return to their old ""habits""? How many time can you tase an attaker before the police arrive? How long do you think it would take for a the guy that broke into some ones house, tried to rape them but were sprayed with pepper spray to wait until he regained his vision and skipped over two or three blocks or even skipped town and finally succeded with his task? I'll agree, alternative measures sometimes may be all it takes to deter violence. But I'd rather be able to take comfort in the fact that I, 1. protected myself and, 2. potentially saved someone elses life. My pro-gun beliefs are not just intended for my own protection or preservation, but I as an idividual feel it is my civic duty to protect a total stranger if the need arises. "	FAVOR
2789	guns	Well apparently, I'm not reading fully either.   The shooter was Bailey.   Tom Jones was the reporter.	AGAINST
2790	guns	Although the   gun rights   lobby narrowly lost this one in Congress I think the Full Faith and Credit Clause should apply to   concealed carry   permits. 	FAVOR
2791	guns	"I have no problems with muskets and black powder. If a thief robs me using a blunderbuss, more power to him and his historical affections. I think a system like they have in the UK which involves high fees, tight design restrictions and a well-funded, stringent licensing system would accomplish the goal of keeping most hunting weapons legal.My bottom-line argument is that handguns and military-style rifles (aka assault weapons - a label which I think you'll find most gun manufacturers love as it boosts their product image among the target buyers) are too easy to get and the minority of the population that can't be trusted to act rationally and in society's best interest shouldn't have as easy access to them as they do now. Enforcing a strict and expensive licensing system should reduce the incidents of theft as owners will be incented to take better care of their weapons, and the less responsible owners will be ""self selected"" out of ownership as they will likely choose to not bother with a time-consuming, expensive process that will fine or jail them if they violate it.Making these kinds of weapons illegal would certainly force people that want to get them to pursue illegal means. As they do in the UK and other countries. The results though are that a black market has not emerged at the scale predicted by the gun supporters. Gun violence and gun-related homicide happen at a fraction of the rate predicted. This is true across multiple countries.My final argument is this - no matter the level of passion expressed by the minority of the population that wants to keep this policy as is, the fact that the majority of the population wants to change it should prevail when it comes to legislation. The 2nd Amendment is no more sacred than any other Amendment which has been interpreted, reintrepeted and limited by modern lawmakers. I note that most gun right activists have stopped arguing we need to maintain a well regulated militia, as described in the preamble of this amendment. Anachronisms like that are a sign of why we can't let arguments like ""the founding fathers intended it to be this way"" hold sway over the current opinion and measured results of policy today.It's a passionate issue - one that gets voters out and voting, manufacturers vast profits and gets the NRA and other lobbying groups enormous sums of money. The political nature of this issue means that rational debate and argument are hard to conduct without extremists from both ends weighing in and making it highly emotional.My final thought - I think - is that personally I like guns. I enjoy the design and manufacturing quality that goes into a well made gun. The precision required to turn the relatively light pressure of pulling a trigger on a semi-automatic weapon into an extremely powerful firing pin, case ejection, round loading and re-cocking of the hammer action is impressive to me. And it does feel good to shoot them. But I don''t let that outweigh the risks posed to everyone when that kind of power is granted to people who just can't use it correctly. It's too dangerous and not worth the risk. That's a calculation that most people have made. I wish people were more responsible, but they aren't."	AGAINST
2792	guns	"An armed citizen can place a check on abusive police power and the emergence of a police state."	FAVOR
2793	guns	I understand that you don't carry at work [most employers will fire any-one who brings weapons on premises] but you aren't employed by your   church  ...The recent idiot who shot and killed several persons in hischurch cud have been stopped by another armed person...The mass shootings in restaurants are in the same situation--nobody can defendthe people therein, if their heat is out in their car..Sit in the back of the church where you can watch the main entry...Aaron Allen..	FAVOR
2794	guns	So your argument against people owning guns is that since some people might make stupid mistakes then it is okay to punish everyone?With that logic we might as well ban cars because some people will get in wrecks from being bad drivers, ban alcohol because some people drink too much, and ban kitchen utensils because some people stab themselves.	FAVOR
2795	guns	"Previous Supreme Court decisions ruled that the Second Amendment does not apply to personal guns Cases such as US vs. Miller that were brought to the Supreme Court have contributed to making significant differences of the context in which the Second Amendment can be applied. In US vs. Miller the court established that the Second Amendment ""did not guarantee a citizen's right to possess a sawed-off shotgun""	AGAINST
2796	guns	The article clearly states the high number of lives saved by   guns  .  Yes it is unfortunate that having a gun does not guarentee you will survive but it definately improves your chances.And there are laws that attempt to keep the guns away from criminals but that is what makes them a crimianl now isn't it?  	FAVOR
2797	guns	You must be a card carrying member of the NRA because thats the line they always use that if there is any type of   gun control   whatsoever, than other freedoms will be lost!  How absurd! The government is the people and I stand by my facts which comes from published sources!  We have by far, my   guns   than anybody else!  Our founding fathers never intended for us to own so many weapons-it was for a militia in the states!  There should be restrictions, background checks, and a major tax on all weapons sold here to discourage the sale of   firearms  -like   cigarettes  !  When guns get too expensive for these people, that will have the desired effect!	AGAINST
2798	guns	 Guns ensure that your neighbors will not rape mug or kill you.  / Cops are few and far between and do not prevent crimes, it is the armed force of average citizens which do that.	FAVOR
2799	guns	It's 3am.  You're done going out for the night, and say goodbye to your friends.  You start walking home from the bar/restaurant with your wife.  A group of men is approaching you on the dark street.  You have your hands.  Do you feel safe?Then you remember, you moved to China, you live in Shanghai, a cosmopolitan city with millions of people and no guns.  Not even the police have guns.  You are safe, you're perfectly safe.  You smile at the men, who are friendly and also walking home.  You're glad you're no longer paranoid about personal safety as you were when you lived in the US.In a violent society like the US, whose violence is in part perpetrated by a prevalent gun culture, perhaps it is safer to own a gun.  But we should work towards living in a society where the risks of owning a gun outweigh the benefits.  It's nice to wander down a dark city street in the middle of the night and not think twice about getting shot.	AGAINST
2800	guns	" As an American who happens to not like corpses very much, but who does like the Constitution, here is a suggestion:  />   /> 1. Limit private gun ownership to those weapons which would be necessary to defend a home. Handguns and shotguns, I suppose. No full-automatic weapons, no rifles unless homeowner lives in an area where he might encounter a moose in his garage. No weapon sales without accompanying verified property parcel number. It would be a felony to discharge the weapon anywhere other than the registered property or a licensed practice facility. This law would be intended to satisfy the ""home defense"" freedoms of the Constitution. The ""village"" itself is supposedly already defended.  />   /> 2. Sporting weapons would be banished to hunting clubs, or for those who could not afford such clubs, the police station. You could still buy them and use them in legal hunting areas, but you could not keep them at home (unless home was in a legal hunting area). This is designed to limit the damage from accidents and acts of rage; in the U.S., at least, most the weaponry used in mass shootings originated in a private gun locker.  />   /> 3. No private ownership of military-style weapons. No full-auto. No specialized ammunition.  />   /> This is just a general idea, not a comprehensive plan."	AGAINST
2801	guns	I must say it's a good decision. Glad we are now able to protect ourselves in National Parks. Next time College Campus's. *I say all that seriously*	FAVOR
2802	guns	You have made an interesting argument, but you haven't backed it up with any credible source. Remember that the US is not the only multicultural country. But let's say your figures were right, and 86% of the people were responsible for half the gun deaths. That still wouldn't bring down the non-black US gun death rate to the gun death rate of Northern Ireland. So even if your figures were right, and you have supplied no evidence to show that they are right, they don't explain away the statistics.	AGAINST
2803	guns	maybe it's time to change your position.You claim: Ã’owning a gun in many instances places our   children   in grave danger.Ã“ IÃ•m sorry, but on what ACTUAL RESEARCH is your claims based? The federal government lists the total firearm related   deaths   for children (0-14) as 251 out of 4,178,898 or 0.69 per day; while there were 2,716 in the same age range, 7.44 per day, that drown. (CDC WISQARS Injury Mortality Reports, 2006) While each death is a   tragedy   4 children die each day in the U.S. from parental neglect and abuse. (National Center on Child Abuse Prevention, 1998 Annual Survey) and Over 13 teenagers die every day in automobiles,SEVEN are behind the wheel. (U.S. Department of Transportation's Fatality Analysis Reporting System, 2001).If   guns   are the problem: Name the U.S. cities with STRICT   gun control   laws AND   crime   rates LOWER than the national average.Whom do you propose should bear the responsibility of protecting you and your loved ones if not you?The courts have ruled that   police   have NO DUTY TO PROTECT INDIVIDUALS; despite the non-binding slogan Ã’protect and serveÃ“ on their   cars  :Bowers v. DeVito, 686 F.2d 616 (7th Cir. 1982) (no federal constitutional requirement that police provide protection) Calogrides v. Mobile, 475 So. 2d 560 (Ala. 1985); Cal Govt. Code 845 (no liability for failure to provide police protection) Calogrides v. Mobile, 846 (no liability for failure to   arrest   or to retain arrested person in   custody  )Davidson v. Westminster, 32 Cal.3d 197, 185, Cal. Rep. 252; 649 P.2d 894 (1982) (no liability for failure to provide police protection) Stone v. State 106 Cal.App.3d 924, 165 Cal Rep. 339 (1980) (no liability for failure to provide police protection) Morgan v. District of Columbia, 468 A.2d 1306 (D.C.App. 1983) (no liability for failure to provide police protection) Warren v. District of Columbia, 444 A.2d 1 (D.C.App 1981) (no liability for failure to provide police protection) Sapp v. Tallahassee, 348 So.2d 363 (Fla. App. 1st Dist.), cert. denied 354 So.2d 985 (Fla. 1977); Ill. Rec. Stat. 4-102 (no liability for failure to provide police protection) Keane v. Chicago, 98 Ill. App.2d 460, 240 N.E.2d 321 (1st Dist. 1968) (no liability for failure to provide police protection) Jamison v. Chicago, 48 Ill. App. 3d 567 (1st Dist. 1977) (no liability for failure to provide police protection) Simpson's Food Fair v. Evansville, 272 N.E.2d 871 (Ind. App.) (no liability for failure to provide police protection) Silver v. Minneapolis, 170 N.W.2d 206 (Minn. 1969) (no liability for failure to provide police protection) Wuetrich V. Delia, 155 N.J. Super. 324, 326, 382, A.2d 929, 930 cert. denied 77 N.J. 486, 391 A.2d 500 (1978) (no liability for failure to provide police protection) Chapman v. Philadelphia, 290 Pa. Super. 281, 434 A.2d 753 (Penn. 1981) (no liability for failure to provide police protection) Morris v. Musser, 84 Pa. Cmwth. 170, 478 A.2d 937 (1984) (no liability for failure to provide police protection)Besides: If YOU are unwilling to protect your loved ones by all means, including with a gun, why should a police officer risk his life to save something that is of such little value that even the OWNER is unwilling to protect it?Name the last massacre that WASNÃ•T in a Ã’Gun-Free ZoneÃ“.Or how about naming 5 massacres in Ã’Gun-Rich ZonesÃ“.	FAVOR
2804	guns	"This comment should be under brads statement, but to dispute. Timing may just be a statement but the guns are still the main focus. Guns shouldnt be allow because the defenders want to shoot just as much as the intruders. I think i covered this in more detail when i explained the pros of having citizens being gun free.Even ""If criminals keep their guns"",(if we were to confiscate all guns) "" they wont be able to use them. If no one had a gun in an area and one single shot was heard, the whole area would be on alert for that one shot and the gun would get confiscated. In countries like great britan where there is strict gun control, this happens all the time. If we just assume its useless cause we have some criminals and just have to bare arms to balance it out then its just twice as dangerous, two lefts don't make a right.Anyone that is considered a ""criminal"" is on record by the US government and will be searched before the citizens for that reason. The government is smart enough to realize that criminals would have guns, its not something thats just overlooked."""	AGAINST
2805	guns	"""Addicts often commit   crime   because they are barred access to the job market.""I don't see how this will change. You can be denied access to the job market for reasons other than illegal activity. For example, my last 5 or 6   jobs   required a credit check. So while it's not illegal to have bad credit or file for   bankruptcy  , I could have been denied a job based on it. I certainly would not hire someone who tested positive for heroin, or even   marijuana  . Plain and simple,   drug use   is a poor decision, and I don't want people working for me who have poor decision making abilities.""It's drug policy that destroys lives. The drug problem is a   healthcare   issue, not a   law   enforcement one. It's like trying to arrest and jail   cancer   . ""Come on, that's a stretch. I have a cousin who is married to a guy who takes meth. Paranoia is a well known side effect of meth use. Because of his paranoia, a recent family reunion was interrupted, or some might say ruined, because of his repeated calls, day and night, to check up on her. He called her phone, two of my aunts' phones, and her mother's phone. This not only stressed her out, it caused her   children   to be visibly depressed, leaving them in tears, and caused her mother, to become near hysterical. So are you really going to insist that drug use is a victimless crime? I don't think you'd find very many reputable sources that would say that.""Heroin used to be sold over the counter, some estimates place functional addiction in America almost to the one third mark at it's peak. Society's chief problem at the time? The stock market."" What time was this, and what evidence supports it? I mean, one third seems like an awfully high number. Alcohol is perfectly   legal   now, and so are   cigarettes  . But combined the percent of people addicted to these two substances doesn't equal 1/3. I couldn't find   alcohol   addiction alone, but best estimates for cigarettes, drugs, and alcohol combined is about 73 million people in the U.S., or about 20%. And ""  society  's chief problem"" is a subjective statement, and therefore pretty difficult to quantify.""The number of homeless people who are mentally ill is staggering.""Again, a subjective statement, but only about 1% of Americans are homeless for an extended period of time, with about 40-45% of those being considered mentally ill. While that number is sad, I'd be hard pressed to call it staggering. ""This image of the nanny state is largely a myth perpetrated by the right in order to preserve their own ill gotten gains.""Again, can you quantify this statement? And I'm a conservative. How exactly are my gains ""ill gotten."" I have worked my tail off just to reach middle class, and I have done it without infringing on the rights or walking on anyone to get where I am. And I have lived well below the poverty line, and it was nobody's fault but mine. And don't forget that there are plenty of people on the left who are obscenely wealthy. Are their gains ill gotten? That statement reeks of elitism and is a disgusting generalization, in my opinion.""The typical upper class American could not survive without the state regulating their business competition out of existence, and subsidizing their failures. (AIG anyone?)""While I am certainly not a part of the group to which you point in this statement, I think you are vilifying unjustly an entire group of people. If you had used a racial segment of the population, this would be called   racism  . Depending on what you call ""upper class"" I don't think that statement would hold water either. And I won't even begin to debate what the cause of the financial market collapse was, so don't waste your time trying to bait me into that one. ;-)Oh, and I forgot this one: ""Opening the door to a whole class of workers who spend their   money   on heroin instead of WoW and still show up to work on time.""Seriously? Really? You honestly think that a heroin addict would show up to work on time? Really? I mean that statement damn near leaves me speechless. If anything I said was questionable, that statement is outright pot-of-gold-at-the-end-of-the-rainbow fantasy. I seriously hope you didn't type that with a straight face. Again, I'm still on the fence, and that was   food   for thought, but much of what you said is subjective at best, and pure opinion at worst. Like I said before, if you want to destroy your life, go right ahead. Just don't drag me, or any other innocent person down with you. "	FAVOR
2806	guns	" ""Arms"" falling under the 2nd Amendment can be regulated but not banned United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. March 9th, 2007 court decision against the DC handgun ban. - ""Once it is determined - as we have done - that handguns are 'Arms' referred to in the Second Amendment, it is not open to the District to ban them ... That is not to suggest that the government is absolutely barred from regulating the use and ownership of pistols. The protections of the Second Amendment are subject to the same sort of reasonable restrictions that have been recognized as limiting, for instance, the First Amendment."""	FAVOR
2807	guns	"In your previous post you wrote:""The   second amendment   is not intended to defend American citizens from   hunger   or   crime   , but to protect them from the American government should that defense be required.""And then in your reply to my post you wrote:""So sorry to burst your bubble that you believe that no crime can touch you but it can and those that wish to protect themselves are the only ones you are trying to hurt.""Now, your ignorance regarding my view of crime notwithstanding, are you adding a feature of the second amendment or are you changing your mind what it's for?I'm ambivalent about   guns  .  I'm quite positive, however, that the more people that carry concealed guns we have the higher the accidental death rate and   murder   rate will go.  When you get people carrying them everywhere they are always available when you've had one too many drinks or you get upset with another driver or you happen to fly into a jealous rage.I'm considering getting some weapons myself, in case you are curious.  I would hate to have all the primitive people around me (read NRA members and criminals) being the only armed ones."	AGAINST
2808	guns	The police have no legal obligation to protect you or your loved ones. When the chips are down, you need to protect yourself, or allow yourself to be killed.No one...no one...is going to deprive me of one minute of   existence   on this Earth. No one will take *my* life, or the life of my loved ones.I choose to defend myself with a   firearm  . Let those who would take that away from me to come over to my house and live with me 24x7 and protect me from bad guys...who will *always* have access to   guns  ...even if we rounded up every gun from every household in the USA and dumped them into the ocean. Bad guys will *always* find a way to have guns, and use them against us.	FAVOR
2809	guns	Well it is already illegal to carry a firearm will under the influence so those LAW ABIDING citizens who have permits wouldn't be carrying while intoxicated anyways. I have numerous firearms in my apartment, so do many of my friends and I am aware of at least one fraternity who has multiple gun safes in their house. I have yet to hear of an incident in at my college campus. No to mention how many students do you know that come to class drunk? Most of the parties I am aware of are off campus where guns are already present so how would allowing them on campus by licensed individuals to and from class make it any more dangerous? Also you don't need 9 months of training to know how to use a firearm for self defense. Most self defense situations occur at less than 12 feet and last mere seconds. You like many of those against this concealed carry on this forum forget that these college students are adults that carry everywhere else why does a college campus automatically make someone prone to violence? 	FAVOR
2810	guns	"Let's just get this straight. CCL holders don't carry because they're ""paranoid"", they carry because they're responsible citizens. Everyone that I know, including myself, takes pride in the fact that they've undergone extensive training, through both professional and personal avenues, to make sure that they're intimately knowledgeable about their   firearms   and as prepared as a person can be for a life or death situation. We're not a bunch of gun-toting nutjobs, and we're sure as hell not paranoid.Cars kill many more people per year than   guns  . You probably won't get pulled over everyday, but you carry your license everyday just in case. Same with responsible CCL holders. Even though the chance of use is slight, we still carry just in case. "	FAVOR
2811	guns	"How many school shootings are ""acceptable""? I think the NRA's answer diverges wildly from the majority of the population. Kids aren't made safer at school with guns easily available to their classmates or the people that decide to wander in.The issues are1) possession of guns are totally in our legislature's control2) the majority of people would prefer that guns not be easy to possess, but because they don't pay lobbyists at the rate the gun manufacturers and owners do, legislatures ignore them over those that do contribute.3) disturbed kids and adults have proven, repeatedly, that they can use the current system to easily possess as many guns as they need to cause mass death and injury.The NRA's solution of a) reminding people they should be more responsibleb) asking the government to ensure no mentally disturbed person possesses a gun (but not by any restriction on the 2nd amendment, mind you)c) encourage the use of a background check system which they fought tooth and nail against when it was proposed and when it needs funding is a good summary of why the NRA is so reviled. None of these solutions have a realistic chance of fixing the problem. All of these points seem defensible, at first glance, and give them good cover when nobody bother reading past the headline (and most don't). But when you take a close look at what they're doing, they are simply throwing out deceptive, distracting arguments to keep guns on the streets and allow gun violence to continue unchecked.They have the gall to stand up after public shootings to say this never would have happened if the victims had been armed. As if we all desire a wild west shoot out as the best way to prevent gun violence. Or insult our intelligence by assuming we accept the idea that the average gun owner is qualified to start shooting in a public place at anyone they perceive to be a threat. Our kids have to go through metal detectors at schools, have their bags and lockers searched and other forms of security as a response to the ""need"" to keep guns on the streets. Ridiculous. Since the NRA has no shame in their valuing gun ownership privileges over innocent people's lives, it would be nice if the voters and our Congress did."	AGAINST
2812	guns	More guns, less crime..  More freedom, less crime.The facts speak for themselves.. (More freedom means more adherence to the constitution).	FAVOR
2813	guns	"In modern America, the right to bear arms still helps check government power In the modern day, the importance of checking a tyrannical government remains important and relevant, even if the prospect of a citizen militia overthrowing the United States military is now effectively out of reach. There are numerous ways in which an armed citizen can check government power:"	FAVOR
2814	guns	    	FAVOR
2815	guns	"Militia means the whole body of individuals within the US"	FAVOR
2816	guns	 The opposite of this is the use of force to take guns away from citizens. Hmm.....does that make sense?	FAVOR
2817	guns	what the hell is balsthis and are you a moron because i feel bad for you if you are but if your not then how the hell do you possibly think you are contributung to the debate?	FAVOR
2818	guns	ok so i think thtas the guns dont kill people kill the guns well they just happen to be in between the people	FAVOR
2819	guns	Thanks for your reply, SidAirfoil. Having considered your answers, I had a couple of ideas come to mind for your consideration.You said that American's distrust stemmed from a 'careful' reading of history, but I wondered if 'particular' would be a more accurate word, because it seems (to me) that the American attitude to government comes with a set of implicit assumptions attached that may serve to hinder neutral analysis. Specifically, it seem to me that there is an anarchistic assumption at work that attaches a negative value to all forms of government (ie. all governments are bad/government is a necessary evil) and rankles at the imposition of rules on the individual by the state. If you begin with this sort of assumption, it is hardly surprising that American's are distrustful of their government.  My theory (and feel free to disagree) is that a good deal of this distrust stems from the American cultural narrative of the 'rebellious colony that fought for freedom from tyranny', and which views any form of government with great suspicion irrespective of whether that government is malignant or benign. I guess what I am saying is that it seems that the notion of 'government as the enemy' was relevant at the time of the American revolution and the drafting of the US Constitution, but that the distrust of government that was relevant then has become part of the American cultural narrative. It has subsequently been transfered down through generations to the point where it has become an almost irrefutable 'truth' asserted with almost religious conviction, long past the point where the situations that precipitated its invention have ceased to apply.Regarding the value of constitutional republics and their ability to prevent tyranny, I think it is worth considering the effect that time has on entrenching institutional norms and preventing divergence from those norms. To put it more succinctly, the system dictates the behaviour of those acting within the system to a significant degree. In the context of government, each person knows (more or less) what their role is, what the limits of their power are, and that someone is (presumably) watching what they are doing and will intervene if they step out of line. Occassionally, some try to outwit the system, but most of them fail. In the cases where they succeed, it has more to do with the size and awkwardness of the bureaucracy than actual institutional weakness. What I mean here is that it does not automatically follow that the unstable political   conditions   that precipitated the American revolution are still relevant in the present day, where the institutions and practices of democratic government are deeply entrenched. I take your point about the price of a free   society  , but I suspect that your definition of 'free' might differ significantly from mine. Personally, I see the freedom from the danger of random gunfire to be a more immediately useful freedom than the right to have a gun to fight against hypothetical political oppression. The point I am trying to tease out here is that maybe the concerns that provide the basis for the Second Amendment are no longer (as) applicable, and that you are arming yourselves against (and paying the price for) a threat that is largely illusory. Ultimately of course, its a matter that Americans must decide for themselves, but as an observer I can't help but think that the price you pay as a society for your particular brand of freedom seems awfully steep.Finally, one more question if you don't mind. Having considered your comments about freedom and the extent to which government intervention into the affairs of the individual can be tolerated, how do Americans understand their relationship to the social contract? I ask this because Americans seem to tolerate far less 'government interference' in their lives than people in other societies, so I wonder how American's reconcile their individualism with the practical need for social cohesion.	AGAINST
2820	guns	"More Guns in More Places Equals More Danger?I suppose that is why there are so many mass murders at Gun Shows, NRA Conventions and Police Stations?  And nobody is ever murdered in ""Gun Free"" Zones are they?"	FAVOR
2821	guns	"Apples and oranges.   The US is a pretty diverse place. Gun violence here tends to be confined to specific cultural groups that flatly don't exist in most other places.   How many inner city black gangs do you-all have in Australia?  E.g., roughly half of all US murders are committed by blacks,  who represent 14% of the population.  Of this,  the predominant part is committed by inner minority city males between 17-35 years of age,  about 4% of the population.  Much is related to the drug trade. Hispanics and rural white southerners are also disproportionately represented.  The unifying factor seems to be an ""Honor culture"",  where interpersonal disputes are traditionally resolved by violence.   It is not particularly related to the presence or absence of firearms,  which may actually be scarce overall in high crime areas.  If memory serves,  the murder rates among Americans of European descent tends to resemble that of where their ancestors immigrated from.  "	FAVOR
2822	guns	"arrw said ""I can't think of many troops who enlisted to defend this country and it's people suddenly turning around and start killing said people.""That may be true...I hope so.  But troops have often turned against citizens (not on a large scale in this country yet) when they have been convinced that a certain internal group is a threat to the nation they are sworn to protect.  Not to belittle the issue, but have you seen ""Revenge of the Sith""? Its a wonderful parable about the suicide of liberty in response to an exaggerated internal threat.  I hope everyone was paying attention to the not-too-subliminal messages that were deliberately put into that movie. No one in the Old Republic (U.S.?) realized they were slitting their own throats until it was too late.  That's how it could happen here.  Its already happening here with the ""War on Terror"".  Warrantless wire tapping, secret courts, prisoners without due process, etc.  But most of us think this is all fine.  After all, our government is protecting us from bad guys, right?  Well, I'm more afraid of my own government than of Bin Laden (as much of a threat as he really is).  And it doesn't matter if its the Democrats or Republican in power.  Its power AS SUCH that scares me.  I'm still trying to fix this through the ballot box, and availing myself of the First Amendment (as I am here).  But at least I still have my guns...just in case! Sid "	FAVOR
2823	guns	Actually there are about 2.5 million defensive gun uses annually of which more than 80% are brandishing - so yes, responsible gun use does make you safer.	FAVOR
2824	guns	 Definitely, yes.  / In the UK it is strict, andin most of Europe as well, so i agree, yes.	AGAINST
2825	guns	Hi Countryboy: I agree that if one is carrying concealed, one's weaponis at hand but when I'm relaxing in parksites I usually have just a T-shirt and shorts [unless it is cold or bugs are hungry]...I'm not muchof a shot with a handgun so an M-1 or M-94* carbine wud be hard to hide.I guess I'd have to sling it over my shoulder or back?..Actually, if the vibes in camp were bad, or a gang of bears approached, making bear-signs, I'd depart pronto...I might pick a campsite close to where therangers' HQ/dispatch point was...The thugs and bears will probably stayaway from that 'hood'?..*=Guess I'd have to keep the .30-30 ammo in asmall   plastic   soap dish or cigarette box as the magazine is permanentlyattached to the Winchester?..Aaron..	FAVOR
2826	guns	Shot guns are used for many different application a few of which are bird hunting like pheasant or ducks, they can also be used for trap and skeet shooting. Another thing shotguns have a maximum shot distance of 30 yards so they aren't that good of a weapon. Also semi-automatic weapons have various uses and when you are hunting fast animals you want to be able to take as many shots as possible without having to cock the gun. Another point is that a gun is a tool and the person is the one who kills someone not the gun. And it is now required to take firearm safety to purchase or use a gun and also 80% of guns used in crimes are bought illegally according to the FBI.	FAVOR
2827	guns	But it is no guarantee that you will survive an attack.  Gun ownership, as I see it, creates a false sense of security, regardless.  There is no guarantee that the homeowner with a gun will survive a home invasion, if criminals break into his residence.  Crime rates are far lower in countries that do not allow citizens to own handguns (however, they may own hunting weaponry).  I believe that the rising   crime   rates from   guns   in Canada are the results of organized crime and the increasing   drug trafficking   in that country.  Still, Canada has a far lower per-capita handgun   murder   rate overall than does the United States, since Canadians do not have an automatic guarantee to bear arms.   I do not believe that the writers of our   U.S. Constitution   meant for the Second Amendment to allow anyone unlimited unchecked access to   firearms  , but they did intend for citizens to freely protect themselves during times of war, especially at home.  The numbers of handguns and firearms severely outnumber the entire population of our country, and that's a very chilling thought.  It is time for some kind of change.       	AGAINST
2828	guns	Guns should be banned everywhere except America.	FAVOR
2829	guns	Ummm, I don't suppose it cuts any ice with you that the most civilized societies in the world ARE managing to live without guns? Your logic is flawed and pre-historic. You have more murders in one day in this country than most of Europe in its entirety in a month! The UK police force still manages to work without guns - and guess what - sky hasn't fallen in - and we're very safe than you very much. Only in America... yep, only in America. Get a grip!See:         /	AGAINST
2830	guns	I am posting this article to broaden the perspective of not just   firearms   ownership, but both the limits of   law  , the acceptance of government by a people and why that is necessary.For those of you who are going to poo-poo this article, I invite you to ponder just what is happening in the U.S. today, *inspite* of existing law and law enforcement.  This article is somewhat longer than the permitted length, so here is the link.    /contributor's-commentaries/71-you-and-i-cant-buy-the-gun-mexican-cartels-own	FAVOR
2831	guns	"The way to overcome historical American bias is to ensure every individual has the right to bear arms It is true that American history is filled with violence and bias towards ethnic minorities. However, the path to resolving this issue is to ensure every individual, regardless of class, race, or gender, has the right to bear arms, not to restrict that right to a militia."	FAVOR
2832	guns	"Until the'70's, congress was the entity which constructed and passed ordinances for DC.  Since congress has (had) bigger fish to fry, they allowed DC to craft and pass ordinances on their own.  In 1975 or so, the DC council passed an ordinance which outlawed *all* private individual new pistol purchases, and required *all* firearms to be either locked separately from ammunition in your home or disassembled and stored (read locked up).  Pistols which were previously owned before the new ordinance were required to be registered.""...if you really feel that you cannot protect yourself without a handgun, practise civil disobedience responsibly...""There is something that I would like you (and everyone else reading this) to read: ""Letter from a Birmingham Jail"" by Martin Luther King.  Let us know what you think.    "	FAVOR
2833	guns	"I have never understood this argument for taking away guns.  Sure there is some degree of risk involved in owning a firearm, but public safety and health can NEVER be allowed to trump our rights as citizens of these United States.  Otherwise we might as well rename the country ""The United Socialist States of America.""  Oh, and be prepared to kiss you right to speech against the government and your right to protection from illegal search and seizure to be ""temporarily suspended"" until they catch all outstanding criminals and hate crime perpetrators.  Oh yeah, I forgot to mention that even the government recognizes AT LEAST 1.5 million defensive handgun uses per year... that means hundreds of thousands of lives saved, if not millions every year.  Also, check your statistics, because every year more children under the age of 7 drown in toilets and bathtubs than die from firearms.  Why have I not seen an argument entitled ""Toilets and Tubs, Are Your Children Safe in Your Own Home?"""	FAVOR
2834	guns	 Guns shouldn't be illegal. I know its a huge problem in the U.S, but in some nations, such as Canada, there are barley any gun related crimes involving homicide.  Perhaps getting a gun should just become harder, even though i think that's not possible. I really think the U.S should make gun control one of their main priorities so they can redeem themselves for their notorious criminal reputation.	FAVOR
2835	guns	"Numerous DC groups and organizations oppose the ban"	FAVOR
2836	guns	"The US Constitution is so frequently called upon for support for free gun ownership and yet it appears those who use it to defend their arguments seem to have forgotten to read it. The protection afforded by the Constitution is not for personal unsupervised ownership of   guns   , but the right to formation and governance of militia (National Guard, Army, ...). Specifically:""To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according to the   discipline   prescribed by Congress;The logical extreme of this so-called right? Personal   nuclear     firearms   ? Mandatory gun ownership? School   children   required to wear holsters as part of their school uniforms? Some of this is already happening ... Because of guns, America is the least safe country in the world. If nothing else, handguns should be eliminated. I challenge anyone to explain why handguns (concealed guns) are needed - except for   law   enforcement or for personal use to defend against other handguns. If handguns were banned, then only criminals would have them for a while, making it easy to pick out the ones the   police   should shoot. Home owners could still have a personal Uzi at home. Still, far fewer people would die given the majority of   deaths   are passion-related - killed by someone you know and/or love.I have lived in 2 countries where guns were banned and can attest to the safety and calm it affords the citizens not to have to worry about being held up at gunpoint, shot by a road-rager, killed by an angry spouse.   Americans   deserve a hand-gun free country."	AGAINST
2837	guns	"Even if disarming is deemed necessary, it will be unconstitutional"	FAVOR
2838	guns	" Framers of the Constitution upholding an individual right to bear arms George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Benjamin Franklin, and John Adams were among a number of framers of the constitution who clearly expressed the importance of an individual right to bear arms. (see the argument page for quotes from them)"	FAVOR
2839	guns	" ""The people"" should not be conflated to include only a collective right It is false and inconsistent to claim that ""the people"" somehow means only a collective, government-militia right. ""The people"" is consistently used in the Bill of Rights and Constitution to preface an individual right."	FAVOR
2840	guns	"""Gun-free zones"" are some of the most dangerous areas in the country. Does one really think that criminally minded individuals will NOT carry there because of   the law  ? Such laws only keep   law  -abiding citizens from carrying there and it makes all of us easy targets and easy victims, but then the government wants us to be. They project their own victim mentality upon us all, denying the truth in favor of their own prejudices and misguided beliefs.""No freeman shall ever be debarred the use of arms.""---Thomas Jefferson: Draft Virginia Constitution, 1776.We are to be free, not slaves who have no right to defend themselves, which by the way is the formal and official opinion of the UN, that ""no human has a right to self-defense"". Jefferson also said, ""Let your gun therefore be your constant companion of your walks.""  Here! Here Mr. Jefferson."	FAVOR
2841	guns	"  2nd amendment cannot offer a right to form a militia when Congress can disarm it Congress has the power and authority to disarm a militia. This is necessary to uphold the monopoly on military force in the state and to protect the integrity of the state. It also should be recognized that a militia could take a form that is entirely ""inappropriate"" and contrary to the interests of the vast majority of the citizenry. Such a militia might claim that the state is acting ""tyrannically"" because it is acting ""democratically"", instead of according to the prescripts of God, for instance. 99% of citizens might oppose the existence of this militia. Is the Second Amendment meant to protect the existence of such a militia? No. Congress has the authority to disband it. If Congress has the authority to disband something entirely, then that thing cannot be considered a right in the Constitution."	AGAINST
2842	guns	no guns should not be baned in america and no we should not be able 2 carry fully automatic, but if a person tries to hurt you or your family unless you are a sharpshooter then a single shot wepon will not be good enough to protect you or your family. so a semi-automatic wepon can be good to have around the house.	FAVOR
2843	guns	"Aaaaand, in the event that you don't actually hear someone until it's too late, part of being a responsible gun owner is ensuring that access to you weapon is limited.   In my room is a locked closet with a locked cabinet. In a separate closet is a locked safe with ammunition.     I Have to do this because I have a child.  I can't take into account what my child will one day do, even if he appears to be going down the correct path.  At the moment it's even more necessary because of my child's age. My weapons of deer destruction are really of little use to me unless I have pre-warning that someone has entered my ""zone"".  Can I say ""breached my perimeter""? Is that too Sargento of me?   Same scenario... those aren't the kids, they're really intruders, and they're good at what they do.  They are in your wife's room before she even wakes up.  What good is that gun going to do her?  That's why it's the last line of defense.   Buy an alarm, get a dog.  If you're so worried about your family...  suck it up.  Besides... this guy has kids.  You and I both know full well he doesn't have loaded guns.  And if he does, they are securely locked.    It's almost to the point of being useless, like I said.   "	AGAINST
2844	guns	"""Armed pilots equal safer airplanes"". USA Today. February 14th, 2007"	FAVOR
2845	guns	"""Keep"" could confer only a collective right to keep and store, not a personal right. It is possible that the intention of the Second Amendment was for communities to collectively ""keep"" in storage their weapons, but not necessarily for them to keep these weapons in their homes as personal possessions. It should be considered that a keep is noun, referring to a place of safe storage. To keep, then, to some extent has the notion of safe storage associated with it. Thus, a right to keep arms could simply mean the right to keep weapons in community safe storage. "	AGAINST
2846	guns	"I'm a physician.  I know a phobia when I see one...Merck Manual on-line:"" Phobic disorders consist of persistent, unreasonable, intense fears (phobias) of situations, circumstances, or objects. The fears provoke anxiety and avoidance."""" Specific phobias are the most common anxiety disorders......Specific phobias affect about 13% of women and 4% of men during any 12-mo period.... Phobia of blood (hemophobia), injections (trypanophobia), needles or other sharp objects (belonephobia), or injury (traumatophobia) occurs to some degree in at least 5% of the population. ""NB:  I suspect many rabid antigunners have some variation of traumatophobia.""The prognosis for specific phobias is more variable when untreated because it may be easy to avoid the situation or object that causes fear and anxiety.Or alternately-- pass a law against it..."	FAVOR
2847	guns	" The 2nd Amendment does not express a right to bear arms for self-defense The 2nd Amendment does not explicitly refer to a right to bear arms for the purpose of self-defense. It only explicitly refers to a right to bear arms for the purpose of upholding ""a well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State."" The 2nd Amendment should not be read as conferring a right that it does not clearly confer; a right to arms for the purpose of self defense. Inferences are insufficient, particularly as evidence can be gathered regarding the intentions of the framers of the Constitution that could cut both for and against the notion that the 2nd amendment was intended to confer an individual right to bear arms for the purpose of self-defense. Because neither inference can be definitely deemed correct, the Constitution must be taken at its explicit word, which gives no mention to self-defense."	AGAINST
2848	guns	"An armed citizen can place a check on abusive police power and the emergence of a police state."	FAVOR
2849	guns	" In today's reality the Second Amendment cannot be applied to civilians The difference in the technology the military now employs versus the personal guns individual civilians can have access to is  exponentially greater than in the framer's time. This means that in today's reality the Second Amendment cannot apply to civilians with the purpose of preparing them to be part of the militia at any day or time.The huge technological advances and military training make it impossible for everyday citizens to be part of a defense force like the "" militia""."	AGAINST
2850	guns	Here in Arizona, and I'm sure, many other states, most high schools have several police officers assigned to their schools. This is to show a law enforcement presence to protect against gang violence and, possibly, against terrorist attacks.But what about colleges and universities? Arizona State University, for example, has their own police force; but they can't be everywhere at once. And college students are all, legally, adults. Granted, most are not legally able to bear arms, but those who are are far beyond puberty and (usually) are not subject to impulsive reactions. What also needs to be considered, is that those who are of legal age to carry a gun, are protect by the second amendment. So why should our personal liberties be thrown away?	FAVOR
2851	guns	        This summary of surveys backs up part of your argument and part of mine:        I can no longer say most people want everyone but the police disarmed. That's not true according to these polls. But they do want gun laws to be stricter.I'd argue that making guns easily available but trying to legislate their purchase and ownership through poorly funded systems of gun laws is a recipe for disaster. I think the theory is good - and if police and the FBI had enough money to chase every failed background check, and every state spent enough money to keep the background check system accurate, it could work out. But like most good ideas there's not enough money to make it work in the real world. So I'd argue you have to eliminate the supply to effect the restrictions the law is attempting to achieve.I won't argue that permit-carrying licensed gun owners aren't more law-abiding than the rest of the population. My point is that those that want to cause harm can get access to weapons too easily. I don't think the concealed-carry permit holders are a good defense against them. So I'm in favor of making most guns illegal to sell or own, except for a restricted set of hunting rifles which requires a high fee to own and is strictly monitored by a well funded government system. I think that would make everyone safer.	AGAINST
2852	guns	"""Temporarily insane""?  Who, might I ask, are you to make such a generalized judgment about the college population?  Individuals with concealed carry permits carry other places on a daily basis, what is it about stepping onto a college campus that makes the ""temporarily insane""?"	FAVOR
2853	guns	America is my and we the peoples country.  Anyone that disagrees with laws that are founders/ fathers created should get out.  No one is begging you to stay here.  I believe in Germany they have   gun control  .  They will welcome you with open arms	FAVOR
2854	guns	You said it all....	FAVOR
2855	guns	"So, this ""waiting period"" stops a guy from murdering his wife how if he already owns guns? And the ""waiting period"" would certainly not help the wife unless the murderer was nice enough to wait until she got her gun home before he attacked her.This waiting nonsense is another feel good but idiotic idea with no basis in logic or fact. Good people have no desire to harm others. Criminals do not obey laws or care whom they harm - and they don't get their guns from a shop or jump through any of the hoops honest people are forced to put up with.  As the survivor of an attack, I know without any doubt that I would have been dead a long time now if I had not been armed and ready to shoot. I am now a certified NRA instructor for handguns and self defense. I spend a great deal of time helping other women (and men too) understand how to defend themselves, both armed and otherwise. I have no desire to ever harm anyone, but I will never be a helpless victim. My life is worth preserving."	FAVOR
2856	guns	 The idiots are the people that go buy a gun, take it home, and put it up. Never bothering to learn how to properly handle it. Never sitting down with thier family and   teaching   them the inherent dangers of   firearms  . Yes a gun is dangerous. As to having an advanced warning, that is where practice comes in. Practice until you are sick of it. Practice makes you prepared. Being prepared gives you the ability to react quicker. To think more clearly. I myself have been around firearms my entire life. I am confident in my   firearm   skills, but I still practice. I don't own or carry a gun to to make myself feel safe, I feel it is my civic duty to protect my family, friends, property or even a complete stranger from any harm that is unforeseen.	FAVOR
2857	guns	One reason for the lack of enforcement is that there are too many laws now to enforce.  For instance, how many people are aware that a misdemeanor committed thirty or more years ago makes it a felony for the rest of your life, punishable by a mandatory five years in prison, to own so much as a single cartridge of ammunition?  That's only one example of how the 20,000+   gun laws   in this nation can make unknowing criminals of a large segment of our population.  If every current   gun law   was enforced, if every violator was charged, our courts would be backlogged for years, and there would not be enough jails and prisons in the entire country to hold those convicted.	FAVOR
2858	guns	"The dissenting jurists based their opinions on a vast ignorance of, or worse yet, ignoring of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. I was educated in the public and private school system in the 1950s and 1960s. I was taught the Second Amendment was meant to overthrow tyrants, if it ever came to that. The petulant whining of Nancy Pelosi et al, only serves to display their true agenda. To rule. It's not about guns, it's about control. I have never seen a bigger bunch of freedom-hating clowns in one place than we have in Washington today. They are a bigger threat to freedom than al qaeda and the taliban combined.  Why are murders with guns always highest in places with the strictest gun control? The brady bunch always has to lie to get their message out. They know the light of truth ALWAYS cancels out their lies. Here is what some of the men who wrote our Founding Documents had to say about guns. James Madison wrote, ""Americans have the right and advantage of being armed; unlike the citizens of other countries whose governments are afraid to trust the people with arms."" (The Federalist, No. 46 at 243- 244)Thomas Jefferson wrote, ""No Free man shall ever be debarred the use of arms."" (Thomas Jefferson, Proposal to Virginia Constitution, 1 T. Jefferson Papers, 334, [C.J. Boyd, Ed., 1950] )George Washington wrote, ""A free people ought ... to be armed ...."" (George Washington, speech of Jan. 7, 1790, in the Boston Independent Chronicle, Jan. 14, 1790)Samuel Adams wrote, ""The Constitution shall never be construed ... to prevent the people of the United States who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms."" (Samuel Adams, Debates and Proceedings in the Convention of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, 86-87)Finally, Thomas Paine wrote, ""Arms discourage and keep the invader and plunderer in awe, and preserve order in the world as well as property ... Horrid mischief would ensue were the law-abiding deprived of the use of them."" (Thomas Paine, Thoughts On Defensive War, 1775)These dissenting jurors obviously have an anti-freedom agenda and the only thing that stands between the wannabe tyrants and their goal is ""WE THE PEOPLE"", you know, the ones mentioned throughout those sacred documents. In 1967, I took an oath to 'protect and defend the Constitution from all enemies, foreign and DOMESTIC' and I intend to honor that sacred oath. "	FAVOR
2859	abortion	"But unborn child is not.  Corpse, by definition, refers to something that used to be alive and is no longer.  Child has many definitions, including the vague ""a person not yet of age,"" and the specific ""an unborn or recently born person"" - New College Merriam-Webster English Dictionary.If one removes a patch of skin, an arm, or a heart, we know that it is part of the human it came from even if done without causing pain.  What part of a woman is the baby?  He/she isn't part of their mother.  How is the mother adversely affected by the removal of this 'part'?If independence is the criterion for personhood, then no person fits the bill.  People are inherently interdependent.  Now, twins joined at the hip - are they part of each other, or separate?  Do they only get one vote?  or two?Back to the beginning, I thought a trimester was 3 months, but what is cited here only applies to the 1st 3 weeks, or not at all.  As for the animal compariston (which doesn't apply), what do you mean by primitive?Any evolutionary comparison is irrelevant since fetal development is not an evolutionary process, likewise, the human being is always human, from the beginning, never becoming anything like a frog or a fish (or anything else for that matter).  If you simply mean that the child hasn't fully formed, does that mean that the Elephant Man wasn't really human?  What about my friend Kyle, whose left hand is almost devoid of fingers?  Is he somehow not human?By the way, a child has discernible fingers at 3 weeks pregnancy; that's why most abortion procedures involve the quartering of the child.  Interestingly, quartering, the practice by which a person's limbs are rent or severed in a bloody mess, has long been deemed 'cruel and unusual punisment'.  We don't even do that to our murderers and rapists, and yet we're to do it to our children?"	FAVOR
2860	abortion	"Difficulties of enforcement should not diminish the principles of the law: Many laws have difficulties pertaining to implementation, but these do not diminish the strength of the principle behind them: people will kill other people, regardless of your legislating against it, but it does not follow that you shouldnÃ•t legislate against it. "	AGAINST
2861	abortion	I think   abortion   should be legalized because of the simple fact that woman have the right not to be pregnant wether it be an accidental thing with her partner, or being raped. I meen who in this god forsaken planet would want to live with the knoledge that the baby she is about to have is the son of a complete stranger who had raped her, but hey im just a just a 9th grader and i dont know verry much about this subject, but all i do know is that i think it is right and i am all for abortion.	FAVOR
2862	abortion	No, she should give it up for adoption and be proud she gave a loving home a child they would not have had otherwise.	AGAINST
2863	abortion	Since I disagree with you so often I will snip out some portions of what you typed that I do agree with:I find it rather disturbing that we want to have sex without commitments so badly that we are willing to kill the result of that sexual unionthe most heinous crime is when we make laws to exonerate ourselves. When we call evil, good.See I don't disagree with you completely.	FAVOR
2864	abortion	"Babies ARE part of the mother.  They are part of ""her"" body.  Saying otherwise is ridiculous.  Where does the baby receive life?  From the mother giving it life by letting it live off of her food, water, blood, etc.  Does everyone make wrong decisions?  Yes.  But if a man decides to make a poor decision by having unprotected sex with a woman, he can leave.  Now this woman has part of a man in her that she doesn't want as well as no father to bring it into this world.  Why does she have to suffer due to someone else being a coward?  The government is not going to pay her enough to properly feed herself and take care of the baby before she can birth it to give to adoption.  Unless the government says ""Here's maternity pay at the rate you were receiving prior to your pregnancy as well as free food for the baby,"" why should she pay for this?  It should be up to her to decide.  "	FAVOR
2865	abortion	Lack of intention doesn't imply it was against their will. It just means they aren't the brightest fish in the tank.Will is want, and if you are stupid enough to have sex when you don't intend for a baby to be born you are acting against your own will.Sex is a means of procreation. If you don't want to create, then why risk it?	AGAINST
2866	abortion	"Abortion deprives a fetus of an entire human future: Some argue that abortion is wrong because it deprives the embryo of a valuable future. Indeed, killing any human being is wrong because it deprives the victim of a valuable future: any experiences, activities, projects, and enjoyments that they would have enjoyed. Abortion is particularly egregious because it deprives a fetus of all experiences as a human being. "	AGAINST
2867	abortion	This is flawed logic. By your logic nothing should be illegal because people do it anyway. Why make cocain illegal, people do it anyway?	AGAINST
2868	abortion	Help me with something here, are you saying that a career and education are more important than the life of a child? Also, were you ever a zygote that had no conscious though? Than you would have to agree that if your mother had an abortion it would've killed you, not something else, but you. Aren't you glad your mother put your life before hers?	AGAINST
2869	abortion	We already do withdraw protections from other members of the human race. To be human does not confer very many rights on its own. We frequently kill other fully adult humans. We have for a long time without sliding down your slippery slope.	FAVOR
2870	abortion	You are absolutely correct that making abortion illegal is not the only option. In fact, I would argue that it must not be. If we were simply to overturn Roe v. Wade and immediately pass a no exceptions federal ban on abortions now, the results would predictably look much like the days of Prohibition with disastrous results for countless women and babies.  However, though I freely admit this point, to use this as a means of justifying continued unrestricted legal abortion is a cop out.  As Catholics, our end goal should be no more abortions.  Since we agree that simply passing legislation is not enough, then we have our work cut out for us.  First, it is important for each of us to understand that this fight is not about women's rights as the pro choice advocates claim.  Rather it is about whether or not a human life, even an unborn one, is deserving of protection as a person under the law.  To deny one group or another personhood, as Roe v. Wade does the unborn child, means they can be disposed of with impunity for any reason and by any means whatsoever.  Allowing this to continue sets a dangerous precedent by which many people may be deemed nonpersons and disposed of.  It is a person's humanity, not his utility, that should guarantee rights and protection under the law.  These are the very principles our nation was founded on.  It can be found clearly stated in the opening paragraph of the Declaration of Independence.  This said, one must also be concerned for these mothers who find themselves in desperate situations which might drive them to choose abortion. Obviously, as a nation we have failed these women.  We have not provided them adequate support.  That must change.  If we are to turn the tide against abortion, these women need compassionate support, adequate health care, and options that enable them to continue their lives in dignity without putting their child to death. Many Democrats and Republicans, pro choice and pro life activists alike, have been working to engage in these kinds of services.  However, this alone is also not enough.  So long as we deny the unborn child personhood, the unmitigated slaughter will continue, and we as a nation are guilty of grave sin. These little lives deserve the same protection as the rest of us, and it is here in the fight against abortion that we have the opportunity to guarantee the protection of law to all human beings, be they big or small, healthy or disabled, young or old.  Anything less leaves us at the whim of judges, politicians, or the popular vote to decide who lives and who should die, a breeding ground for the likes of Hitler's Germany where large groups of people were targeted because of race, religion, genetic abnormality, and even such simple things as a less desirable hair and eye color. This cannot be allowed. We protect the lives of our pets, even stray animals, but offer nothing for our own children. Though other options can and even must be pursued, abortion must be made illegal, just as it is illegal to murder, to steal from others, or to beat and torture another because you disagree with his ideas. Directly causing his death is most certainly more a violation of the child's rights than carrying the baby to term could ever be for his mother. 	AGAINST
2871	abortion	Well said and well written.  If other folks want it changed they need to change   the law   and leave everyone else alone.  Or they could move to Afghanistan and join some of the radicals there.	FAVOR
2872	abortion	"I now understand what exactly proponents of   abortion   mean when they put forward this idea of ""my body, my choice.""  It had never made sense to me before, probably because I was looking more at the fetus, and less at the womb.  Now that that clarification has been made, and the position has been truly explained well, I think it will be much easier to come to an understanding.  This is certainly the best argument for abortion that I have ever heard.  I think there is an issue separating abortion and refusing to give up a kidney, and that issue is that of activity vs. passivity.  A child in need of a kidney will die unless you give it to him.  Refusing to do so would cause the child to die, but it would not be actively killing him.  Doing nothing would cause the child to die, but action would save him.  It is very difficult, if not impossible, (as it should be) for the government to require a person to take action to save a life.  An abortion, on the other hand, is actively killing the child.  Doing nothing would allow the child to live.  Taking action to ensure that another human dies, whether they are dependent upon your body parts or not, is generally illegal.  Unfortunately, there aren't many good analogies for the unique relationship a fetus has with its mother.  A possibility could be siamese twins.  I'm not sure how well this analogy will work out, but I'm going to go out on a limb and say that actively killing and removing your siamese twin because she relies on your heart and she inconveniences you would be more equivalent to abortion than denying a child your kidney.  Of course, this example doesn't take into account whether a fetus is a person, which brings us right back to where we started."	AGAINST
2873	abortion	" First of all, I want to reiterate how sorry I am for what happened to you.  Furthermore I am sorry that you had to receive further trauma at the hands of those who claimed to be representing Christ and His   church   yet, by your account, treated you in an unChristlike, unscriptural manner.  You did nothing to deserve what happened to you and any Christian leader who has made you feel that way are one day  going to be held accountable to God.  It's understandable that you have a lot of anger against the Church as well as people like me who are Christian (I'm not Catholic, by the way).  Therefore, I am not going to get into an arguement with you about when life begins.  I am going to tell you that there is a God and according to scripture He knew you and loved you before He even created the universe. He loves you so much He sent His son to earth to die a cruel death on a cross so one day you can spend eternity with Him. Where, as it says in the last book of the Bible ""He will wipe away every tear from their eyes. There will be no more death or mourning or crying or pain...""(Revelation 21:4). This  gives me great hope.  An end is coming to all evil.  If it is not true, what have we to look forward to?  More people committing crimes, more suffering until finally we destroy each other?   God cares about you and has healing and blessings to give you if you would only turn to Him.  As I said, it doesn't matter to me what you might think about me but I am not going to stop praying for you."	AGAINST
2874	abortion	"You analysis is exactly backwards.  Overturning MCP will only make a difference if money is given to people who will advise women to use   abortion   as a means of family planning and campaign for changes in foreign law which would make abortion easier to get.  This is a de facto subsidy for abortion which is a way for the government to undermine the pro-life position of much of the population.  The MCP precluded this.  In other words, money was still given to family planning efforts (as a form of humanitarian aid) provided that it not support abortion, but it was not used to support a pro-choice agenda.  You are falsely equating not supporting a pro-choice agenda with advocating for the pro-life position.If the MCP had been designed so that it promoted campaigns to criminalize abortion and to advise women that they must not have abortions (or that abortion was immoral) then your point of view would make sense- but most of the groups that received funds under MCP were groups which merely stopped those activities which had been disallowed by the policy.  In other words, the MCP did not say that funding was only supporting a pro-life agenda and pro-life groups.  It funded groups that ceased advocacy of the pro-choice agenda.  The idea that they then began advocating a pro-life agenda is just silly.At any rate, your suggestion that only pro-life agencies received funds is just false on the face of it.  My use of the slavery analogy is not 'bad'.  It is accurate.  You can say that you disagree with people who say that the positions are analogous, which I am sure is true.  The pro-choice makes almost the same comparison in reverse- by claiming that women are 'enslaved' when abortion is denied them.  My statement was that, ""For the pro-life side, legal abortion is an approximate moral equivalent of legal slavery.""  Whether abortion is morally equivalent to slavery in some abstract universal sense is open to debate.  Whether or not those who are pro-life judge it equivalent isn't."	AGAINST
2875	abortion	G-d willing, let's hope so.	FAVOR
2876	abortion	Have we not read our Popes' encyclicals?  Pope John Paul II wrtoe the encyclical Evangelium Vitae specifically for the purpose of defining the Church's teaching on life issues such as abortion and euthanasia.  The CHurch recognizes the Pope's authority to speak definitively on issues of faith and morals, and all Catholics are morally bound by such defining statements.  	AGAINST
2877	abortion	" It is just for a mother to abort a fetus to save herself In such cases of medical emergency and in the interest of saving a women's life, surely it is permissible to abort the fetus. To argue otherwise would be to uphold the rights of the unborn over the living, which is wrongheaded and immoral."	FAVOR
2878	abortion	So is a human in development, also known as an embryo or fetus, among other names depending upon point of development, not human?  But they are.  No real scientist or doctor would deny that.  Well, are they not beings?  Do they not exist?  Are they not real?  Are they not present?  Then how can you physically remove the imaginary?Now, to the middle part; the issue is about the rights of two human beings: a mother and a child.  That's not even debatable since any doctor worth their degree must admit that the child is a living human being from the beginning.  It's high school biology.To the beginning, giving birth is not a sentence.  It is a consequence, but a deserved one (as all true consequences are).  And of course, being pro-life refers to the actual, real quality of life; not the whimsical, transitory one as in: 'get a life'; though we are pro-that as well.Now, where the birth of a child actually threatens the actual life of the mother, almost no one believes abortion shouldn't be considered.  But it still must be treated as any other killing.Interestingly, in the Declaration of Independence, the three mentioned inalienable rights are listed in a peculiar order: almost as if there's a priority.  [understated]  For if one's happiness takes precedence over your property, right to speak freely, or even life, I can see why there might me a little mix up at the courthouse.	FAVOR
2879	abortion	in my opinion it should be because if you don't want to get pregnant why are you having sexual activity	AGAINST
2880	abortion	Yeah, I know that the comparison tends to offend, but the fact is, there is very little difference between the two.  You claim that the difference is that women have sex by choice and become pregnant.  But people frequently acquire parasites through a voluntary act, too: Eating.  While certainly one can go far longer without sex than without eating, still both ARE voluntary actions which may result in a foreign living thing coming to attach itself to the inside of the hostÃ•s body and drawing its sustenance from the host without providing any particular symbiotic benefit to the host.  So, from a scientific perspective, there really is very little difference between the two.  Men (and sometimes women) tend to take very lightly the physical, psychological, and sometimes economic investment a woman makes during the 40 weeks of pregnancy.  Pregnancy is a body- and life-changing event which up until about ?-century ago, was the leading cause of mortality among women.  As it is, today, something like 4 in 1000 women will die, worldwide, as a result of pregnancy.  In developed nations, the lifetime risk of a woman dying as a result of one of her pregnancies is around 1 in 2800, but in places like sub-Saharan Africa, about 1 out of every 16 women will die as a result of one of her pregnancies over the course of her childbearing years.There are many women whose lives are at risk if they become pregnant.  There are some whose long-term health is at risk from pregnancy.  Some rely upon medications to control medical conditions, which medications may not be compatible with pregnancy.  Some women will lose their jobs if they become pregnant, particularly if they have bedrest.  Some women are caring for several infants and toddlers already, who rely on them, and cannot undergo the stress of another pregnancy, let alone care for their existing children during a difficult pregnancy.  Sometimes minors become pregnant before their bodies are strong and developed enough to support a pregnancy without risking severe damage.  Some women become pregnant as a result of rape, and have no choice in the matter at all.Just because a woman chooses (or is forced) to have sex does not mean that she is ipso facto giving consent to the complete takeover of her body by another being for the next 9 months of her life.  There are some very good reasons why women make the difficult choice to terminate a pregnancy.  I have made perfectly clear that I would be overjoyed if there were no further need for abortions in this world.  But there are some very valid reasons for a woman to have one.  And such decisions are best made by a woman and her doctor, rather than being forced upon her by society.  A rape victim, for instance, who is forced to carry an unwanted pregnancy to term is being raped yet again by society.  Her control of her body was taken from her by the rapist, and is again taken from her, at an even deeper and more violating level, by societyÃ•s compelling her to risk her very life and health to carry the pregnancy to term.	FAVOR
2881	abortion	I agree that abortion is wrong, and I agree that for the most part it shouldn't be allowed. But you're over-simplifying the issue. Unwanted pregnancies are not always due to stupidity(some people are raped), and not all abortions are out of selfishness. Read Iamdavid's post, if you haven't already. This is an extremely rare case, of course, but it is important to acknowledge and consider these kinds of things when deciding on this issue.	FAVOR
2882	abortion	I have respect for ALL life forms, human and non-human. We as a human race need to learn to respect life forms, human and non-human, and treat them with the dignity and respect they deserve. A blastocyst is indeed life. It is a ball of rapidly dividing cells. This action causes significant energy to be spent. These cells already produce adenosine-triphosphate (ATP), thus, are biologically alive. Biological death occurs when cells can no longer produce ATP. I've known a couple of women who had C-sections 3 and 4 months premature, and the baby managed to survive. It's possible, yet it's still legal to abort during this time? OK...there's something SERIOUSLY wrong with this picture if I do say so myself. Continuing to allow this morally repulsive procedure to take place is just an indication of the state of moral decay that the USA is in and it's not going to get any better unless people with good consciences step up and straighten things out.	AGAINST
2883	abortion	"Sex is a deviation if it's not for the purpose of child-making?  I never said it's sole purpose was procreation. The core question is one of anthropology; does man have a nature and is that nature fixed? You would apparently say no and that man gets to define that nature. Laws should be based on ethics, not morality. However if mans nature is not fixed there can't be law or morality. Because there is no way man ought to be and no norm from which to deviate from. Everything becomes a matter of personal preference and taste. Everyone does what is right in their own eyes. That is anarchy and society crumbles.Second paragraph: Never said there was no pleasure in it; just that their was a cost that is hidden from your eyes. I could never get you to drink poison if I was upfront about the effects. But if I kept that information from you and packaged it good enough; it wouldn't be hard Case in point; homosexuality. harmless? The average life expectancy for a gay male is 45yrs almost half of heterosexual males. There really needs to be more truth in advertising for the sexual revolution. It has brought freedom to no one; only bondage.Third paragraph: We get back to the real question don't we? What is it ? If it's not human than no justification is necessary. If it is human than no justification is sufficient. About the choice, you made it when you decided to have sex. That troublesome problem of procreation again.Fourth paragraph; there is that question again; what is it? just a group of cells or a human being in the early stages of life. If it's human, it's murder. hence the parallel.Fifth paragraph: The examples you give represent a very, very small percentage of abortions. The vast majority of abortions are preformed on healthy women and children. About adoption; me and my spouse are an infertile couple, we looked into adoption and guess what? there are long waiting list for domestic adoption simply because there are more couples than children due to the fact that over 1500 abortions are performed daily in this country. that's why most couples adopt from overseas.Sixth paragraph. If perfection is your standard then yes prohibition doesn't work. Prohibition does work, that's what every law is, a prohibition. It's sounds like you are arguing again for anarchy. To that I say; truth in advertising please.Nobody is ""telling kids to have sex""Really, you just substantiated my previous claim to being numb. Sex is used to sell everything these days. Just go through the supermarket check-out and peruse the latest magazine covers. If you don't know what this does to the male mind and the way it victimizes women you are numb.About the choice and sex ed. I'd rather we told the kids the true cost of premarital sex. instead of lie to them. Oh yeah little Johny you can play with fire, just follow these simple steps and you'll be just fine and hey here is some firecrackers to make it more fun. Now let me show you how to make a really cool fire using gasoline. Come on! Let's help kids choose what is best for them, and it's not broken hearts, STDs, single motherhood and the whole list of other stuff that goes along with it. About the parallel with fire, in case you didn't know, passion burns. A fire not contained can destroy a whole forest. Don't believe me. Watch the interview Dr. Dobson did with Ted Bundy the night before his execution. I'll quote it for you from memory because it's burned in there:Dr Dobson: Ted, you once were an innocent little boy. How did you get here?Ted Bundy: Pornography. I was exposed to it as little boy and it became a passion that was never satisfied. The more I got the more wanted till I was killing women to get it. Just ask any man here who is here on sexual charges and he'll tell you the same thing.About the study; I don't dispute it. Of course it's failing that's my point. It's only logical that it would if you have a million people shouting, have sex and one small voice whispering, abstain. I doubt you did your homework and looked at the numbers for teen pregnancy and STDs before and after the sexual revolution.Abstinence is fail proof. You may fail to abstain but if you are abstaining you will never get pregnant. However contraception is not so. You can also fail to use it but if you use it, it can fail and you will get pregnant. It's that simple.Final thought; if morals are relative as you claim, why are you trying to push yours on me and why should I follow yours and not mine. Is it because you think there is an objective standard that people ought to follow and a way things ought to be. But that's just your personal preference isn't. If you really believed that morality was subjective you would go sit under a tree and talk to no one, but you don't. You try and persuade people that your view is the correct one, but why I ask?"	AGAINST
2884	abortion	"Heart failure[3]  "	FAVOR
2885	abortion	If I was a little unicellular embryo, I wouldn't be physically able to make that vote. I understand what you're saying, but I wouldn't have noticed it if my mom had decided to abort me.So in response to your question, my answer is this: it wouldn't matter.	FAVOR
2886	abortion	"Canada allows for abortions on demand. "	FAVOR
2887	abortion	Abstinence prior to marriage (both parties) and fidelity within marriage is the safest sexual practice period. That's the ideal anything less than that is a degradation.On the beginning of life; According to the text book definition of life both the egg and sperm are alive. At the point of conception you have a complete DNA and a different one from both parents. That's an accepted scientific fact that is not in question. The question is what kind of life? cat, dog or a chicken? Nope, humans produce humans.About killing your neighbor; So long as he is not fully grown I can kill him? So, if it's the neighbors kid who I have been raising for the past nine months since his parents abandoned him; it's OK to kill him if I determine that I'm no longer stable enough to raise him? and even more so if I raised him for the last 18yrs? Yeah right. Try that in a court of law.Why do you think we should reduce the number of abortions? Is it because you know in your heart of heart that it takes the life of a human being in the early stages of development?We are drowning in a sea of condoms and sex ed and it has increased the rate of abortion, not decreased it. Abstinence has not been tried and found wanting, but found hard and left untried. Come on let's set high standards for ourselves and our kids, not low ones.	AGAINST
2888	abortion	Apparently you are familiar with this ruling.  You say that during the first trimester   abortion   should be universally allowed, some restrictions in the second and even more in the third.  Well, this is exactly what Roe states.  Third trimester abortions are only allowed if the mother's life or health are in grave danger or if the fetus has such tremendous health problems it wouldn't live beyond birth but what few abortions are performed in the last trimester are usually to save the life of the woman.  So you see, compromise already exists.  Also, a fetus can not be a seperate entity until it is able to function outside of the womb.  This can't happen until about the 29th week.  Granted, there have been cases of 26-28 week deliveries but these usually result in very physically and mentally damaged children.  If a fetus delivers and doesn't take a spontaneous breath, the physicians usually won't try to resuscitate it because it means the respiratory system is too immature to function.  They don't want to put that child through any torture forcing it to try and live.  I've seen the miserable lives those children have gone through and was thankful when they finally died from all their medical complications.  Death is a normal part of life.  From the moment we are concieved we are on the path that will eventually end in our death.  It may come a few weeks after conception or years after our birth but it will happen.  Let's take care of those who are born and here in need of our help.  We don't need to drag more unwanted children into this world until we can give the one's living here and now a decent life.	FAVOR
2889	abortion	Well think about it... women already have abortions whey they are impregnated against their will. Isn't that the point--that they didn't intend to become pregnant?	FAVOR
2890	abortion	An example of a post by someone who does not understand science.THE FOETUS (UK SPELLING) IS NOT ALIVE, it cannot be asked on its rights and has no nervous system, there is a greater need in the social aspects and it is inane to suggest that there is murder in something which saves the money, time, and essentially life of the mother.The mother keeps the rights, not the child.	FAVOR
2891	abortion	A human being has no moral obligation to another person to allow that person the use of what is theirs, even if that second person needs it to survive. If you disagree, I've got a really excellent proposition for you.	FAVOR
2892	abortion	"Your first statement is mostly valid.  Your second, regarding gay marriage, is not.  America is a Democratic-Republic, and as such, policy is the will of the people.  A vital aspect for the survival of a Democratic system of government is that the people consent to live by the decision of the majority.  This is often referred to as ""majority rules.""  Furthermore, that viewpoint would not have been ""forced"" onto you.  You are allowed to keep you dissenting position, you are just not allowed to lead an armed rebellion or attempt to undermine the system just because you did not get your way.  Furthermore, you are not being asked to marry someone of the same gender, so what do you care?  His point seems to be that passing an initiative though it received a minority of the vote would be un-American, and it would be.  What he fails to take into account is Federalism.  If most of the people of South Dakota want to ban   abortion  , it is the right of the State to ban it."	FAVOR
2893	abortion	"I can only assume by your moniker that you are a male and consequently will never experiance facing an unwanted pregnancy.  Infants are not ""being killed"" because an embryo is not an infant.  Until that ""child"" can function and breath on it's own it's still considered part of the woman's body.  A woman does not give up her human o legal rights simply because she conceives.  Like I've said, unless the woman involved is your girlfriend, wife, mother, sister, ect. you have no right to tell her what to do with her body.  It's of no financial burden to you if she chooses   abortion  .  It's of no concern to you if she chooses abortion.  The woman is a stranger to you.  You have no knowledge of her financial or emotional circumstances.  It's none of your business unless you plan on supporting the child for the next 18 years of it's life."	FAVOR
2894	abortion	i believe that it is wrong but that i also think that it should be legal because some people don't have any control over getting pregnant because of rape. and they just are not ready to have a child because or age, finances or both. it also needs to be legal because women and or men will take it into their own hands and do it themselves therefore inflicting damage upon themselves as well possibly permanent damage. and maybe even death to the mother. abortions have to be legal or all hell will break loose and the death rate will increase substantially	FAVOR
2895	abortion	The Bible is the only book to have thousands of it's prophecies and none have been close to what it says but 100% right. It tells of the earth being round, the atom,the auto, the radio, TV, wars of the past, and at what point life starts. Anyone saying they don't believe in God has never read it. I would rather be pro life than pro choice. The Bible is clear in at what point life begins and is not above it's pay grade.	AGAINST
2896	abortion	" Abortion advocates wrongly value ""quality of life"" over ""sanctity of life"" Ronald Reagan, ""Abortion and the Conscience of a Nation"", Human Life Review, Spring 1984 - ""As a nation, we must choose between the sanctity of life ethic and the 'quality of life' ethic. I have no trouble identifying the answer our nation has always given to this basic question, and the answer that I hope and pray it will give in the future.""[14]"	AGAINST
2897	abortion	The debate is not about whether or not abortion is sometimes the best course of action, but whether or not a government agency has the right to make laws mandating that a pregnant woman carry a child to term. There are various good reasons for terminating a pregnancy. There are even more reasons a woman may choose to abort that are not good. Is it the business of the state to intervene and evaluate the reasoning process that the woman and her doctor apply when making these tough decisions? I don't think so.Allowing government entities to have the final irrevocable say in such situations sets a precedent that puts the government in a too high of a position relative to our fundamental liberties.What can we do short of legislation to significantly reduce the number of abortions performed when there are better options? People like me who abhor abortion need to focus on putting the alternatives front and center.	FAVOR
2898	abortion	Dead bodies do not have rights.	FAVOR
2899	abortion	You're so closed minded it's ridiculous.In fact, quite a few people have experienced abortion first hand, and it's never an easy decision, but sometimes it is the right one.It doesn't matter what the thing looks like. Science tells us that thing is not yet a sentient being, therefore it is not killing a sentient being. Cute pictures does not = sound scientific reasoning.You don't like abortion. Fine, don't have one, but that you choose not to believe the fact that at ten weeks that little thing has 0 sense of self, does not constitute any type of proof that abortion should be banned for those who choose to undergo it before that thing is sentient.No one is for abortion once the child is self-aware. A self-aware human should not be aborted.That is not a self-aware human, no matter how cute. And that said, the vast vast majority of abortions take place before the first couple weeks.And that said, most science says there is not even a hint of possible self-awareness until around 26 weeks!	FAVOR
2900	abortion	I feel sorry for you. I hope you will realize the evilness of your abortions.	FAVOR
2901	abortion	"Hmmm...so if I don't believe that thievery is wrong, I should just choose not to do it?  Or, maybe murder?  Obviously one who believes    abortion    to be immoral will not, if consistent, ""partake"" in it.  But that is not the issue; the issue concerns the taking the life of an innocent human being.By the way, if gay marriage laws are passed, and I'm to live under those laws, is that not ""un-American"" by your definition.  After all, that viewpoint has been forced on me, against my wishes."	AGAINST
2902	abortion	"Well, the question is what makes us a person, and what makes us special above those beings which are okay to kill (most animals, insects plants etc...). I would argue that it's our ability to think and feel at a higher level. An embryo cannot think, feel, see, hear, remember, or do any of the other things that distinguish us as people and therefore must be put into a separate category then a fully formed person.Considering your ignorance on the topic of biology that you demonstrated in the evolution debate, I would not be surprised if you were unaware of this, but if you don't believe me I would be happy to provide evidence (or you could save me the trouble and trust me).The question then becomes: at what point does the unborn embryo/fetus gain the rights of a full grown person? There are two extremes:1) The moment after conception.2) The moment of birth.My problem with number one is that a single celled organism shouldn't have rights that are equal to those of a person, and my problem with number two is that mere physical location (outside rather than inside the womb) shouldn't dictate whether we have rights, so I propose that the embryo/fetus gains rights over time as it develops. How early these rights are given is obviously something that is going to be debated, and, in my own opinion, should be debated because it will be a much more fruitful debate than the current ""all or nothing"" one that is all too common."	FAVOR
2903	abortion	It kills the unborn baby. The baby ceases to exsit so it is murdered.Kind of circular don't you think? Let's further constrain the question then: at what point does a bundle of cells become 1) life and 2) human life?	FAVOR
2904	abortion	they do!	FAVOR
2905	abortion	... So I can find a pregnant dog and stab it in the vagina?	FAVOR
2906	abortion	You are confusing the two things. It may be that the woman by making the personal choice whether to have a baby or not is making the most responsible decision. The problem for the pro life side is that they want to enforce their personal opinions on others and then make them responsible for this view that may not be the way the woman feels. If there is something missing in our society today it is that not enough people are minding their own business. 	FAVOR
2907	abortion	" Denying abortion rights forces maternity on women (state rape) Edward Abbey , an American author - ""Abolition of a woman's right to abortion, when and if she wants it, amounts to compulsory maternity:  a form of rape by the State.""[5]"	FAVOR
2908	abortion	"I believe that life occurrs at conception.Then what does it mean to be ""alive"" at that point?That is what I believe.Why?"	FAVOR
2909	abortion	"Plainsman, Perhaps I failed to word my post to correctly show the basis of my   pro-choice   stance. Therefore, I will attempt to do so now.The issue of abortion is one which goes much deeper than pro-life v. pro-choice. The issue at hand is taking away the choice to commit an act which is completely private. My ultimate concern is that banning abortion essentially strips women of their right to choose. This, in itself, is completely against everything that America, in my opinion, stands for. So, I would like to step past the argument that the issue at hand is ""taking the life of an innocent human being"".One of the main elements of America that makes it so great is the reality that the state respects the right to privacy and ensures American citizens freedom. Therefore, I believe that when these freedoms, the right to choose, and the rights of American citizens to live without the government infringing upon their private lives are stripped away we being to regress into one of the many societies which we speak out against every day.The issue of living under laws which one disagrees with is in my opinion an erroneous one. We as Americans, must ensure that every person maintains the right to privacy and the freedom to choose as long as those rights and freedoms do not infringe upon the rights and freedoms of others. Allowing for women, if they so choose, to get an abortion in no way infringes upon the rights of other American citizens.  The same is true for gay marriages. Furthermore, allowing women to choose whether or not to receive an abortion is in no way forcing a viewpoint onto the entire populace. However, forbidding the right to choose does exactly that.Stripping American citizens of their rights is a very dangerous game. We must remember our roots and ensure that we do not begin stripping away at the layers of freedom. America, after all, was created to ensure that people maintain freedom and that the state can in no way infringe upon those freedoms.Banning abortion like banning gay marriage is a very slippery slope and speeds up the possibility of America regressing into that which we fought and continue to fight so hard against."	FAVOR
2910	abortion	Because sexual activity is awesome and a sign of good health. It is a primal action that is at the foundation of humans' hierarchy of needs (according to Maslow:                                         ) So stopping sex is not the solution to the abortion debate. People do need to be careful and do need to be held accountable for their actions, but accidents happen and shouldn't people be able to have a choice in how to deal with such a life-altering event?	FAVOR
2911	abortion	I think there should not be   abortion   because it can lead to people to commitng suicide. What do you think about what i just said. But if you have any info about abortion please let me know because I'm doing a persuasion essay on it and i need facts from people who are against abortion but sorry to the ones that are for abortion.                    (Give me your opinions)	AGAINST
2912	abortion	Fox news polls usually come out leaning conservative, MSNBC polls come out leaning liberal - surprise, surprise...not!	AGAINST
2913	abortion	"Its me again!""...If it's not self-aware it's not a human yet, no matter what it looks like""Then why are we so worried about the trees? Are they are ""self aware""?Actually, human children are not self aware for some time AFTER birth. Does that mean we can dump them if we change our minds?""...Abortion is illegal after the third trimester except in extreme circumstances""Not exactly true. There are states, and forgive me for not remembering right off the top of my head which ones, that allow abortion ""up to the moment of birth""I will see if I can find that one.""...no matter how many of you right wing nuts high jack this site and serial down vote us sane and logical participants on the site.""Now thats disappointing. I really thought after reading some of you responses that you were more open and intelligent than this. Isn't it cool to be tolerant anymore?"	AGAINST
2914	abortion	What videos?I never mentioned videos or movies! I was talking about watching my two baby sisters play with each other	AGAINST
2915	abortion	Pro-choice means the woman decides rather than the government.Pro-choice doesn't mean pro-abortion.	FAVOR
2916	abortion	"The story of Adam's creation in Genesis 2:7 is the primary quote used here, when God ""breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul."" "	FAVOR
2917	abortion	I wrote this speech...read it and it will answer your questions. Abortion: Choose Life-it begins at Conception: Think about this. A girl had an abortion, thinking that the baby wasnÃ•t living so it wouldnÃ•t matter. But, after she had the abortion, she saw what she thought wasnÃ•t living, and it actually was. The baby was living and she watched it die. From then on, she couldnÃ•t even live with herself knowing that she killed a living human being. This story that I just told you is true. A lot of women think that it isnÃ•t a baby before they have the abortion, and I will explain to you that abortion is the killing of a living baby. Well, if life doesnÃ•t begin at birth, then when does it begin? Life begins at conception. This is a fact, because there is a lot of proof that can back that fact up. For example, there is scientific proof and there is Biblical proof. To further explain what abortion is, I will talk about these important things: one, it is spiritually right that life begins at conception, two, how scientifically there is proof that life begins at conception, Three, what we can do about the abortions, and finally, why girls get abortions. Those are all the things that should be thought about, so I will be explaining them, to help you understand them. Some woman have abortions because of these three things: one, They might think that theyÃ•re too young to have a baby, two, their boyfriend or spouse makes them have an abortion, three, if they do have the abortion the girlÃ•s parents would get mad at her. The case also might be that she just doesnÃ•t want to deal with the baby. First, you probably ought to know what abortion is. Abortion is killing the baby inside you when you are pregnant. Every year 1.5 million babies are killed by abortion. ThatÃ•s 125,000 babies killed a month, making it 4,000 babies killed each day, or one baby killed every 20 seconds, that is so amazingly awful. That is basically one murder happening every 20 seconds. How brutal. The fact that life begins at conception is spiritually right. As it says in the Bible; Jeremiah 1:5 says, Ã’Before I formed you in the womb, I knew you, before you were born I set you apart.Ã“ The Bible says that life begins at conception, meaning that right at conception the baby becomes a living human being. There are many Bible verses that back up the fact that life begins at conception, like the one I just said. That Bible verse, Jeremiah 1:5 is saying that God intended a unique human being, starting at conception. Just because you canÃ•t see or feel the baby inside of you, doesnÃ•t mean itÃ•s not a baby, and alive and a human being, just like you. That is what a lot of people do not think about, even though you really should. There also is scientific proof. Some people may think that life begins at birth, or some people even later, but that is wrong, life begins at conception. Because of the fact that the baby forms gradually after conception, then conception is the only real point where you can say that the baby is a living human being. For example, the heart beat starts gradually, over a period of time so conception is the only exact starting point of life. Also, DNA defines a separate human being, and so when does a person form their own DNA? A person gets their own DNA at conception. That is a whole lot of proof, so it is just like saying it is a crime to kill a 1 year old, so why isnÃ•t it a crime to kill a baby when he or she is still in the motherÃ•s womb? That is a question that probably will go unanswered forever, or they will just say that the baby is not living, which is a complete lie. Now, what can we do about abortion? There many things that we can do about abortion. If you start supporting this pro-life movement then it will keep growing so much then no one will have an abortion. Hopefully then the abortion clinics will shut down, and the law will have to change. But, most importantly you can change the hearts of the people who support abortion, and save the innocent little babies. Now, how can we stop abortion? There are many ways to help stop abortion. Another way is you can donate money to a place like The Pregnancy Resource Center and they will use it to buy an ultrasound machine and to then show the women their babies to try to convince them not to have an abortion. You can also write to the president or another government representative, and tell them about all this proof that I have told you, hoping that their hearts will change and then the law. In conclusion to all of this, it is spiritually right that life begins at conception, and scientifically there is proof that life begins at conception. There are many ways that you can help stop abortion, so I hope that you take a while and do that. There are a lot of things wrong with having an abortion, so you really should not have one. Just remember that God loves the person getting the abortion AND the beautiful, innocent little babies. Thank you and I hope that you have realized that life begins at conception, you should help the pro-life movement, and that having an abortion is wrong. My own mother has 6 children and has never had an abortion!!	AGAINST
2918	abortion	once you obtain 46 chromosomes your human whether it suites you or not. 	AGAINST
2919	abortion	"Women who are opposed to   abortion   shouldn't have abortions.  They are the ones who end up regretting their decisions. They're easy to spot.  They're typically the ones who come in to the clinic proclaiming ""I think abortion is wrong, but in my case it's necessary"".Abortion is a personal and private matter.  Period."	FAVOR
2920	abortion	Yes, all innocent life. But that depends on how you define innocent life.	AGAINST
2921	abortion	In what way is underwriting the views of the pro life side fair to the pro choice side? This is what the MCP did, said the default position should be the pro life, which ignores the view and rights of the pro choice side. Removing the MCP allows institutions in other countries on both sides of the issue to petition for aid. There is nothing implicitly stating that all the aid is going to institutions that only promote abortions, it simply allows them the same right which pro life entities have (exclusively under the MCP). the MCP was completely undemocratic by refusing any chance to ask for aid to those who promote   abortion  .Besides the bad allegory of abortion to slavery, you start with a false premise that everyone agrees on when human life begins. This is not the case, where as with slavery there is no confusion about what is wrong (and even that is a contemporary lack of confusion, because the states of succession certainly held a different point of view during that time).About individual contributions I agree that the same can be done for the pro life side as well. That's beside the point. If federal aid is being given out there is no reason that it should favor one side over the other, if done in consonance with how our country feels about this question than the aid money will be split fifty - fifty.	FAVOR
2922	abortion	To your first point:What you are arguing for is the view known in German as; Lebensunwertes Leben or The Life Unworthy of Life. This was the philosophy that drove the Holocaust of Nazi Germany and the one currently underway here in America. To learn more about this follow this link  Why do I say this? Because you take a class of humans and then give reasons ( very poor ones) of why they should not be allowed to live.In Nazi Germany they said; This human should not live because of X. And you say that this human should not live because of X. There is a direct correlation here and I hope you see it. When you get a chance also pick up the book  From Darwin to Hitler by Dr. Richard WeikartNow to your question of when do you begin to class a fetus as a human?At the moment of conception. Because at that point you now have a complete and distinct human DNA in the cell. There is no way around this; humans produce humans and dogs produce dogs. About a contraception that is 100% effective every time. It's known as abstinence. Practice it faithfully and you will never get pregnant or an STD. Fail to practice it and pay the price with your life and possibly that of your child's. And if you do have an unwanted pregnancy, Please consider adoption. Did you know that 1 out of every 6 couples are infertile. Do the math, that's a lot of couples who want to have children and can't. And I'm one of them. It cost me 14,000 dollars to have my daughter and it tears me up inside to know that some parents just discard their children like trash. There are thousands of us out here who are screaming; please don't kill it, we'll take it. You'd also be surprised to know the high number of Americans who adopt from over seas; and why do they? There aren't enough children to be adopted here because of abortion.You noted well that I see this issue as black and white. It's called moral clarity. When looking at evil I call it as it is; evil. Final thought: Were you ever a fetus? Because if you were, Then you have to acknowledge that if your mother would have had an abortion it would have ended your life, not something else, but your life. Think about that and look at it real hard because that's what abortion does; it ends the life of a human being in the early stages of development.And if you were born after 1972, I challenge you to consider yourself a Survivor of the Abortion Holocaust. 1/3 of your generation has been killed by abortion in America! 	AGAINST
2923	abortion	"Listen, you want to believe it's a living thing based on that video, fine, I'll trust science. If science says it's a sentient being, I'll be against it.In the meantime, don't make these poor girls feel worse they they already do about the whole thing.So you're against it, but obviously a lot of people think that ""silent scream"" is rubbish.You know what, beatles make a noise when you squish them. They're not sentient though, and they actually have more brains than a fetus before the first couple weeks.Meanwhile, these poor girls, half the time they were raped, or their still just kids them self,and you get these nuts calling them nazis and killers and everything else,you know what, they're not killers. I don't know what a fetus is, you don't, but science does, and science says they aren't people yet.It says they're people after the third-trimester,before then, leave these girls alone until you have some scientific proof beyond,""I really really really really feel it's a living person.""And to the last ridiculous paragraph. Had I been aborted I would have never existed, and so no, I would not have been killed. So there. I was a sperm once too, should guys stop ejaculating?"	FAVOR
2924	abortion	No, you are way out in left field. Stop the red herrings and keep it to the topic. What does Hitler have to do with abortions? As I said earlier, one of two commandments to adhere to as a Christian (that Jesus said himself in the gospels) is to love your neighbor as yourself. Let me ask you, what did Jesus believe about abortions, since you feel that my interpretation is not right? What is the view of right and wrong according to Jesus of Nazareth?You stand by and watch people kill each other during war. What kind of love is this? Yes, you can do something concerning abortions. Judging them as a murderer however does not encompass this. That is the main point of my argument. I am saying you cannot judge someone to be murderer and that they are automatically going to hell because they have an abortion.What do you mean by 'judging what I wrote'? Judging to me is calling a male gay because he wears pink, calling a person retarded because they fail a grade in school, and calling a person hell-bound who has an abortion. Apparently you did not read the last part of my statement concerning sin. Also, I need to know what your definition of judging is, since you disagree with mine.	AGAINST
2925	abortion	The sperm and egg have DNA patterns from the parents.  It is the combination of the DNA patterns that creates a new person.  Sperm by itself does not become a new life.  An egg by itself does not become a new life.  You combine the two and you have a new life.  A new person will come into the world in nine months as long as nothing happens to the unborn child during that period.	AGAINST
2926	abortion	"""Slippery-slope"" argument that ""once 'fetal rights' are granted to one stage of the pregnancy, nothing will prevent their extension to all stages"", which is argued as going too far. The basic concern is that if certain ""rights"" are extended to an unborn fetus at any stage, that it would be difficult to then draw a clear line or threshold across which the ""right"" to an unborn fetus could not be extended. This basic slippery slope argument, in other words, indicates that abortion would have to either be always illegal or always legal, because all other intermediate laws would risk being arbitrary, and be incapable of permanency. Pro-choice advocates believe that the women's ""right"" to their own body is most important to preserve, and thus that it is best to fall on the side of extending full choice to the mother, and preserving the ""right"" to partial birth abortion. "	FAVOR
2927	abortion	Once again, that's not my decision. The choice however should be there for people who demand it.	FAVOR
2928	abortion	Abortions can happen naturally or be induced. What is the moral difference?	FAVOR
2929	abortion	Well obviously you were happy with having a child weren't you? What about that 14 year old girl that got raped? Picture that your loving boy was the product of hate.	FAVOR
2930	abortion	"It's true that one's feelings do not determine truth. There are many who commit murder without a qualm.  You make the statement, ""When a woman chooses whether to have an   abortion   they may feel horrible about it but know that it is the best decision."" How do you prove that assertion? On the premise that abortion isn't murder? What if your premise is wrong?You also state her grief is illogical because there was no conscious being there.  Is it ok to murder people as long as they're not conscious- such as when they're asleep? Anyway how do you scientifically prove or define the consciousness of another.  Maybe we should kill people with Alzehimers.A woman grieves the loss of her baby because she knows exactly what it was: her very own offspring.  It's perfectly logical to mourn the loss of one's own child.  Everyone has to base their beliefs on some sort of paradigm.  As a Christian I am basing my paradigm on something outside myself. I'm basing it on what God has revealed to mankind through the Bible.  If you don't base your beliefs on God's word what are you basing it on? Your own limited understanding? You aren't omniscient so the most you should do is at least err on the side of life: ""I'm not sure it's murder so to be on the safe side I'll choose life."" If you can devalue life at one level you can devalue it at any level. As John Donne said, if even a simpleton is killed I am the lesser. We are all a part of mankind and no one has the right to take another's life- not even at it's simplest and most helpless state. Finally, your statement that those that regret abortion are free to feel that way but that should not cause us to restrict the choice of others.  No, our feelings should not restrict others' choices and behaviors but right and wrong should.  People knew it was wrong to keep slavery legal so they abolished it.  People knew it was wrong to force young children to work as adults so laws were implemented to prevent it. It's wrong to discriminate against people based on the color of their skin or gender. Because there is such a thing as right or wrong we enforce laws that maintain right and wrong and we change laws that don't (such as slavery or segregation).  Just because abortion is legal doesn't make it right.  One day I believe people will look back in horror at the 40+million unborn children that have been murdered in our country.  "	AGAINST
2931	abortion	This is obviously a difficult decision to make, and one I have thought out carefully prior to coming to an opinion. I think, to paraphrase Obama, that expectant mothers are the best people to make the choices about whether or not they are financially and emotionally stable enough to care for a child. The world is overpopulated as it is. Humans continue to grow at a rate that is unsustainable, and at some point nature will regulate us through some mass disaster/disease. Until then, however, abortion at least offers a little self regulation of population growth.	FAVOR
2932	abortion	Not only do I think that it is wrong for the government or any type of law to prevent a woman from having the choice, but I also don't think that it's really the same as murder per se to abort a fetus. They're really not the same thing at all.	FAVOR
2933	abortion	When the Pope speaks definitively on fiath and morals, it is infallible.  Many things have been declared infallible since 1870.  The teaching barring birth control is one example. It was definitively declared by Pope Paul VI in the encyclical Humanae Vitae, which was written specifically for that purpose.  Pope John Paul II wrote the encyclical Evangelium Vitae for a similar purpose--the bishops had asked him to clarify/codify Catholic teaching regarding life issues such as abortion and euthanasia.  The Church's anti-abortion stance was also clearly published in the Catechism of the Catholic Church which is approved and released by the Vatican undr the direction of Pope John Paul II to clearly lay out that which the Chiurch considers to be core Catholic teachings.  The Church's teaching against abortion is indeed infallible.  You are correct in your understanding of what constitutes an infallible statement in regard to codifying as doctrine matters of traditional belief, such as the Assumption of Mary.  But definitive statements from the Pope in regard to issues of faith and morals also morally obligate all Catholics and are both infallible and unchangable.	AGAINST
2934	abortion	Abortion should not be legal because if we could just get rid of abortion we could get save some of our and your tax dollars that pay for abortion and plus seeing as my tax dollars pay for someone to have an abortion or murder the child its like im helping the person kill the child as are all of us medical neccesity is fine but as far as im concerned i dont think i should have to pay for someone to kill their kid	AGAINST
2935	abortion	"Ok, the central theme thing is completely unfair, considering you were the one who originally argued about porn, Ted Bundy, premarital sex, and the like. I merely countered your argument. So in reality your central theme seems to be sex. I won't disagree with your argument entirely. There are certainly a number of drawbacks to the sexual revolution. Namely in terms of the feminist revolution. We've taken a number of steps backwards in some inane desire to please men. The ""playboy effect"" is a very negative behavior that has resulted from the sexual revolution. This does not mean that the sexual revolution was all bad or that sex outside of marriage is bad. It's quite a jump to say that sex is only ok in a lifelong heterosexual marriage except for religious reasons. From a religious context, sure, it makes perfect sense, but outside of that it does not. For one, ""lifelong"" partnerships sometimes don't last a lifetime. For another, people are biologically programmed to sexual desires. Sex is a very fulfilling part of a serious, committed relationship, and I stand by my statement that there is nothing wrong with that. Furthermore, you entirely ignored my desire to quit debating non-abortion related issues within this debate. If you'd like to debate some other topic, let's start a new debate. (please and thank you)"	FAVOR
2936	abortion	It is a known FACT that human life begins at fertilization.Life. Not consciousness. Taking life painlessly is justified in some situations.Just because you may be adopted does not mean youÃ•ll have a miserable unsuccessful life.No one said this.Did you know that Faith Hill, Jamie Foxx, and Babe Ruth were adopted?Did you know one of the aborted children was going to be a mass murderer? Did you know one of them was a better baseball player than Babe Ruth? This is why your argument is nonsense. If all three of your examples were aborted, no one would feel their absence. Even the fetuses wouldn't.Abortion is done for mere convenience. Many women donÃ•t know the true facts of abortion until it is to late and often feel depression, guilt, isolation, insomnia or nightmares, and much more after it is done. Even Jane Roe (Norma McCorvey) is pro-life now. Just as a side note, a lot of this could be said about giving birth. But it's right. This information should be publicized more, and made mandatory before going through with the procedure.	FAVOR
2937	abortion	" Abortion is the woman's choice, not the father's The Father should be told that the woman is having an abortion but until he carries and gives birth to his own baby then it is not his choice to tell the woman that she has to keep and give a painful birth to this fetus."	FAVOR
2938	abortion	You correctly point out that O'Brien's argument commits the genetic fallacy.  As a   pro-life   atheist, I have no patience for such tactics.  It has started to seem so obnoxious from my point of view that I decided to try to start a group for like-minded people- just to show up the invalidity of the tactic of dismissing pro-life arguments based upon their presumed religious motivation.If anyone has an interest in this, please send a note toSPLASH- Society of Pro Life Agnostics and Secular HumanistsSplashForLife (at) gmail (dot) com	AGAINST
2939	abortion	" Abortion must be justified in cases of impregnation by rape Woman, and in some cases girls, who have been raped should not have to suffer the additional torment of being pregnant with the product of that ordeal. To force a woman to produce a living, constant reminder of that act is unfair on both mother and child."	FAVOR
2940	abortion	So you're only for   abortion   when the woman would take responsiblity for her child anyway?	FAVOR
2941	abortion	Late-term abortion is essentially giving birth and chucking the child, since modern technology allows infants to live much earlier outside the womb than nine months. If the mother is endangered, late-term abortion may be acceptable, but otherwise, that seems wrong.	AGAINST
2942	abortion	"The fact that a child is likely to have a short life does not justify further shortening it: When you see someone who has very little, do you take away all he has? The short life expectancy of a disabled child does not justify his deliberate killing!"	AGAINST
2943	abortion	"The reproductive rights movement has no genocidal drive: No serious proponents of abortion are out to kill all embryos. Furthermore, it is an insult to the memory of the alive and conscious human beings murdered by the Nazis to equate them with embryos for anti-abortion propaganda."	FAVOR
2944	abortion	You just compared the life of a human fetus to a snail. ..	AGAINST
2945	abortion	I agree they should think about. But how is that justification for making abortion illegal? Again please respond to my other post hereI look forward to your response.	FAVOR
2946	abortion	"Why don't we make you the head of decision making for all the girls who seek abortions. You can go and hear all of their stories and decide who can and who can't get abortions. You can determine whether or not they are doing it for convenience or not. I am sure that all the girls who are out there were thinking...""I am definitely going to get pregnant and have an   abortion  . That sounds like a great idea."" By the way, why do people have   kids  ? To continue their bloodline? To get some guy to finally put a ring on their finger? Because babies are sooooo cuuuute? Don't act as though women who decide to have kids are altruistic saints who should be put on a pedestal and worshipped. Even cockroaches have kids.The world is overpopulated. Keep your legs crossed. "	FAVOR
2947	abortion	"I think everything you've attributed to a safe, legal abortion can be said for any woman who's delivered a child.  Thousands of women die around the world because they don't have access to birth control, or medical care during pregnancy nor a place to go to have babies delivered.  Beating women into submission about abortion is cruel and uncaring.  I'd like to see the enforced pregnancy crowd do more to make sure all children are wanted, have medical care, food, shelter, and parents who can parent.  You want to stop women, millions who are completely unknown to you, from seeking solutions to their private problems.  Yet, when that child is born you turn your backs.  You tell women that it's their fault that they got pregnant. How many times I've seen remarks like ""close your legs next time"" or ""your mistake isn't my responsibility"" on message boards.  We have over 9 million children in the United States who have no medical coverage.  Where is the pro-pregnancy crowd on that issue?  Siding with George Bush that they should have any because we don't want to cut into the insurance companies profit margins or raise taxes to help pay for it.  Why is an embryo sacred and a child no more than someone else's mistake?We have approximately 1.2 million abortions performed in the U.S. every year.  Are you going to find one million couples who are willing to adopt a child, every year?  Over turning Roe would only increase problems but then you folks are all for that. Let others get the burden of trying to solve them.  As far as you're concerned you did your job. We have nearly 500,000 children living in foster care.  Half of those are available for adoption.  Many will live in the system because they have past issues, siblings, are the wrong color for some folks, or have medical problems.  Once they turn 18 they are out of the system except those with medical disabilities.  They have no family to help them.  Where are you people in regards to them?  Why are there so many of these children living in these situations?  Why aren't you making a real effort to get these kids out of foster care and into a good home?  Roe was based on privacy so tell me, how is woman having an abortion any of your business?  Unless it's your wife, daughter, or another relative I really can't see why you have any right to interfere.  Make the world a welcome place for a child.  Help pass laws that provide a living wage to working women and health care for them.  Make sure they have good food to eat every day and a safe place to live.  Provide help to parents when they are under going the stresses of parenting.  Let no child have to live in a homeless shelter.  When we can solve these major problems then let's sit down and have a chat about the morality of poking your nose into other people's privacy.Oh, and by the way, I've had two safe legal abortions in my life.  No, I don't feel guilty and no, I don't regret my decision.  My spiritual beliefs say embryos aren't fully human and until they take that first breathe they are not of this world.  So you see, I'm not buying into your guilt trip.  Your concept of God seems to make that deity pretty weak and incompetent as far as I'm concerned.  How you choose to worship your god is your business but you have no right to force me to live according to those beliefs.  A woman's abortion has no financial or physical impact on your life so leave them alone and leave them in peace.  We can't even take care of the children who are here now and you want to bring more of them into this mess."	FAVOR
2948	abortion	You lead by setting a higher standard. That's what leaders do; take people were the don't want to go. It takes no leadership on my part to get the family to go to Disneyland. It does how ever to get them to save through out the year so at Christmas time they have something to give to those less fortunate.	FAVOR
2949	abortion	"A blanket ban on partial birth abortions may make it impossible to save a woman's life in certain medical circumstances. Note: some bans on partial birth abortions, allow for them when it would save the life of the mother."	FAVOR
2950	abortion	  Nature doesn't just dispose of unused sperm and eggs. Miscarriage, gets rid of fetus that have started to develop. Many species of animals have large numbers of off spring. Which aren't meant to reach maturity.   So until a fetus has fully developed, and is viable. I don't think we should call it life.   We got to draw the line some where. For legal purposes.    Nature doesn't work that well for us; when left to itself. 	FAVOR
2951	abortion	Sorry- I forgot that this was HTML format...I wish there were a preview feature :)I'l try again.	AGAINST
2952	abortion	I chose to be pro life didn't I? (;	AGAINST
2953	abortion	your mother feels that she killed her baby, of course she regrets that -- particularly if she felt that having a baby would have been a good thing.  And she must have.  She had at least one other child -- you.But bagpiper2005 said 'most' and I wanted to issue a ittle challenge to get some more thinking along with the obvious emotion that, for some understaable reeasons, goes with this issue.If we have had children and wanted them and loved them we can, mistakenly I believe, see our own child being killed.  What a devistating thing that would be!As ARC has commennted on this thread, it is the first trimester that is the basic issue. Though I am not associated with ARC, I agree. Rights are recognized in context. And in the context of a woman's adult life, it is her right to decide, within the first trimester, that must be recognized. If, after she decides on an abortion, she is remorseful, that is certainly sad. But her remorse is not grounds for denying the righ to an abortion to those who regret having a child and kill them -- either physically or emotionally -- after they are born.AF	FAVOR
2954	abortion	According to your reasoning:If anyone really belived death penalty is murder, he or she would be advocating the same penalty for those who carry out/sentence the death penalty as the law prescribes for premeditated murder.I honestly don't believe that those opposed to the death penalty want jury members, judges, and law officials to be jailed over it. They simply want the option off the table.  The same is true with the abortion issue.  Your argument once again tries to make abortion solely a women's rights issue when those who oppose it are heart-broken over the loss of innocent life.  I will never accept the pro-choice point of view, but I can oppose it without labeling pro-choicers as murderers.  	AGAINST
2955	abortion	"If it is countered that this analogy is not appropriate because fetuses should not be considered on an equal basis as those subject to capital punishment, a number of considerations should be made against this position. First, those that are subject to capital punishment are often murderers or extreme offenders. Should these citizens be regarded more highly, and more worthy of decency than an unborn fetus? Maybe not. "	AGAINST
2956	abortion	If you look at the websites of organisations opposed to   abortion   you find that many of them also oppose contraception. Contraception was banned in the Republic of Ireland from 1921 to 1992. The Irish government did what the Catholic Church told them.Do not assume that   condoms   and spermicide are allways available in every country.	FAVOR
2957	abortion	What about the child who has no say? When do we start holding people accountable for their actions?	AGAINST
2958	abortion	some ignorant people (mostly men, of course). for women, how would you feel if you didn't want to have a child and an accident happened, with a condom or birth control or anything else. what if abortion was illegal? because procreation is such a burden on women anyway, between periods, pregnancy, and the birth, don't you think that women should at least have a choice? (By the way: if you want to talk about the baby being alive as it's a growing egg, well here's the thing, everything on this is formed with cells and bacteria so think about that next time you shoot a deer or something.)	FAVOR
2959	abortion	"We can all agree that a fertilized egg is alive. But so also is an unfertilized egg or a sperm. They're not dead, and they're not inanimate objects like a stone. Almost every cell in my body is alive. Life began eons ago, and continues uninterrupted from one generation to the next. So we're not talking about the beginning of life, but the beginning of a particular living individual.Genetically, we could say that a new individual begins when a new combination of genes emerges. This happens whenever an egg or a sperm is formed, and it happens again when an egg combines with a sperm. The latter combination usually lasts longer than the former, but does that make it the only beginning of an individual?And when a fertilized egg divides into two identical twins with no change in genetic profile, are they both still the same individual as was the original cell? If not -- if identical twins are different individuals, then unique genetics must not be the definition of a unique individual. So what is the significance of the fertilization of an egg? Maybe a fertilzed egg is just a potential human being, or dog, or whatever, in the same way that a sperm or unfertilized egg is. Maybe it's the development of a functioning, thinking brain with a unique mind that constitutes the beginning of an individual. That seems to make sense.The religious, of course, substitute the word ""soul"" for ""mind,"" and they speculate blindly about when the soul is assigned to the body, having absolutely no information on the subject. Interestingly, as well, I believe they tend to conceive of the soul as much more mature than the rudimentary single-cell body it supposedly inhabits, capable from the beginning of self-awareness and thought and probably a love of God. That's why killing a brainless single cell is repulsive to them. It really is just a religious issue."	FAVOR
2960	abortion	But you are still paying for what you consider someone else's mistake and irresponsibility when they have a child that they couldn't afford to care for independently. 	FAVOR
2961	abortion	"But you posited the ""can't think, see, feel, etc."" You supplied that and you endorsed it by posting it. Notice how you did that. Can't get out by saying that your characterization was part of a criticism - it was still  your characterization.A clump of cells in utero is not a ""child."" That's why medical science has words like ""zygote"" and ""blastula"" and ""embryo"" and ""fetus.""If you are asking for my personal opinion on abortion, which you seem to be, it is that abortion is a highly imperfect solution to a very real problem; but that until we have developed and agreed as a society to disseminate a completely 100% effective, safe, and pragmatic method of birth control complete with age-appropriate sex education AND eliminated rape and abuse or coercion of children, then the societal costs of limiting abortion access much further than it already is (and it IS limited; states can regulate it after the first trimester and can ban it completely once the fetus reaches viability, and can also determine which procedures will and will not be permitted) are simply too great. Rather than banning it, we need to be working towards making abortion pretty much unneccesary. This is much harder to do than simply banning it, but does have the advantage of actually solving the problems posed both by allowing and by prohibiting abortion rather than just ignoring them."	FAVOR
2962	abortion	the reason i have chosen against this argument of abortion being murder in the case of incest or rape is because, you have stated that rape of a women is exactly the same as having sex without a condom. This is completely false, she has not chosen to have sex with the man who raped her, she has not chosen that she did not want to use protection. a women who chooses with someone she is planning to have sex with is at fault for getting pregnant. Those are two completely different scenarios and i am appalled that you would come the least bit close to saying that it is the womens fault for getting pregnant in a situation she did not choose, how dare you! If you were raped and got pregnant would you want the baby of the man who torments your every nightmare to be growing inside you, to further remind you of the horrific thing that happened to you.	FAVOR
2963	abortion	"Female rape victims may be physically prevented by the rapist from seeking an abortion in the first term. Some rape victims are sex slaves or kidnapped against their will. If only became possible for them to perform an abortion in the second or third term with a partial birth abortion, should they be deprived the right to do so? Having had no ""choice"" in the matter up to this point, it may be appropriate to extend the ""choice"" to abort with a partial birth abortion in such circumstances. "	FAVOR
2964	abortion	Not everyone wants to live that way. I'm not saying a lavish life of sin and making out with everyone you meet is a good idea. It's a terrible idea, but some people just don't like the idea of abstinence either. And what if you take all of the measures against pregnancy and it still happens to creep up anyways?Do not forget that there are cases of pregnancy through rape. Would you want to carry a rape child? I don't think I would.	FAVOR
2965	abortion	They do	FAVOR
2966	abortion	Only 1% of all abortions in the United States are a result of rape or incest.	AGAINST
2967	abortion	No abortion should not be banned, it is the peoples choice if they wish to have a child not be forced to have it, especially if they are young. Shame on the people who say it should be banned. How would you like to be forced to do something??	FAVOR
2968	abortion	"A line on ""viability"" is arbitrary; from conception humans are always increasingly ""viable"" It is faulty to claim that a fetus can achieve ""viability"", where it becomes an independent creature and worthy of some rights. Humans are always increasing in their independence and ability to survive. In modernity, children cannot survive on their own into their teens.  "	AGAINST
2969	abortion	"The law currently defines death as a state when ""the body is no longer able to continue essential functions independently."" It seems that we may be able to apply the same definition to the beginning of life. A fetus is not ""alive"" until it can live independent of its mother, in other words once it is born. Questions of birth and death are the toughest challenges we face in life, but hard decisions and definitions must be made.  "	FAVOR
2970	abortion	"Alcoholism and drug-use are common after abortions. There are many reports of woman falling into not only depression, but spates of alcoholism and drug-use after having abortions."	AGAINST
2971	abortion	"""Back alley"" abortions are more frequent when abortion is illegal. Back-alley abortions are abortions performed illegally on the ""black-market"" when abortion is generally illegal. Back-alley abortions are less regulated and more likely to result in the death or harming of the mother."	FAVOR
2972	abortion	" Doctors that perform abortions are often emotionally damaged Anonymous abortion doctor, quoted by Jack Hitt in ""Who Will Do Abortions Here?"", New York Times Magazine, January 18, 1998 - ""[Doing abortions] can make you feel bad ... No matter how pro-choice you are, it makes you feel low.""[30]"	AGAINST
2973	abortion	I personally believe abortion is an awful thing to consider for a person. If someone in my life tried to get an abortion, I would do everything in my power besides actually tying them to a chair to keep them from getting it. But I absolutely do not believe the government should ban abortion. That is completely out of their jurisdiction and authority. I believe greater education is the answer to prevent teen pregnancy and the fallacy that abortion is just another form of birth control. This will make the choice of aborting your child a much more serious question and the personal decision will be made more responsibly.	FAVOR
2974	abortion	thats not so any more	FAVOR
2975	abortion	"It is contradictory to oppose abortion while supporting capital punishment. Loesje, Dutch Fictional character ""Active and International girl"", b.1983 - Ã’How can anyone be against abortion but for the death penaltyÃ“[32]"	FAVOR
2976	abortion	Discussions of quickening or ensouling addressed the issue of when the soul entered the unborn child.  Saint Augustine, without the aid of sonograms or the advances in embryology we have today, calculated that boys received their souls at 40 days after conception, girls at 90 days (apparently Speaker Pelosi's analysis of Augustine missed this point).  However, the Church always viewed abortion as a great evil at any stage of pregnancy.  Modern embryology now confirms what the Church knew all along --life begins at conception.  That is a scientific fact, not a religious belief.  At the moment of conception a human life has been created.  That life may end before birth through miscarriage or abortion, but it was a human life.  With regard to war, adultery and other types of sin, abortion and euthanasia are on their own level in relation to other transgressions.  The intentional taking of innocent lives can never be approved by the Church. 	AGAINST
2977	abortion	"speaking specifically of Obama can only make sense when compared to the other option. Why is it that pro-life seems to only value the life of the unborn and not the born? Can a catholic vote for someone who authorized torture if they ""value life""? What about someone who supports unnecessary wars? "	FAVOR
2978	abortion	"There is nothing ""unlikely"" about the passage of the Freedom of Choice Act if Senator Obama is elected President.  That Act will reverse the Hyde Amendment and will strike down parental consent/notification laws throughout the country.The Congress is going to be controlled by Democrats, who will certainly pass the Act, and Senator Obama has promised pro-abortion groups that the first thing he will do as President is sign the Act into law."	AGAINST
2979	abortion	I'm grateful for the discussion that is allowed on this site.  I dod not have time to read all the comments and debates. When speaking about the right to abortion because it is the law of our land, I also know that at one time, slavery was allowed in our land because it was the law of the land.  What about all the issues surrounding the racial discrimanation in this land?  Was that not at one time the law of our land?  And what was that all worth?  The cost of the ink and the paper which made it a law?  We don't need human laws to know the law that is written into every human heart.  We all know right and wrong and we don't need someone else to tell us.  We just need to stop joking ourselves.  Thank you for this chance to speak!	AGAINST
2980	abortion	"""I donÃ•t care to debate""Then STFU!!! What the hell are you even doing on a site titled ""create debate"" then?..............................................................."	FAVOR
2981	abortion	"1. ""Is it ethical for someone to demand services of you for free, or to coerce you into a contract that you did not consent to? Of course not! You never consented to the contract!!I think it's quite clear that there is a moment when the woman did sign a contract. ""by having sex, i hearby accept the possibility that a new life within me will be created and that it will be my responsability to give him life aid until it'll be able to do so by it's own"" furthermore the baby did not demand any service, they where graciously given by the mother's womb.2. ""And notice that I never asked whether or not it is -moral-. Morality and ethics are two very different things.""From WordNet (r) 2.0 [wn]:ethics noun 1: motivation based on ideas of right and wrong [syn: {ethical motive}, {morals}, {MORALITY}]"	AGAINST
2982	abortion	Sure, why not? They have no problem cherry picking what dogma suits them enough to follow.	FAVOR
2983	abortion	"  When the Supreme Court interpreted a ""right to privacy"" inherent in the 4th amendment of the Constitution in Griswold vs. Connecticut and Roe vs Wade, that meant that federal   law   under Constitution superceded states rights under 10th amendment. In other words, the Consitutional right to privacy took precedence. Since that time,Supreme Court decisions have allowed to states to enact limitations on   abortion  , which really is in lockstep with public opinion. As far as this latest poll saying the majority of Americans describe themselves as Pro Life, I don't buy it. One can get highly varied results in  polls depending on how the question is asked.  The other critical point is the ""life begins at conception"" argument. I personally don't believe that a fertilized egg is life, and think that this argument is totally unscientific, and simply reveals a misogynistic religious bias, even against birth control. Prolifers lose considerable credibility in saying that all abortions are ""killing babies."" Like most Americans, I believe abortion should be   legal  , and the sooner done the better. Plus there are numerous horrific instances that demand exceptions from all but the most callous religious zealots, such as child rape and incest, MUCH more common than the public has the stomach to acknowledge and condoned by Mormon Fundamentalists here in the USA.  In those cases the choice to force a child to have a baby is the worst kind of child abuse, tantamount to raping that child a second time. In the real world reproductive issues get messy and very ethically complex, making blanket legislation very difficult. These issues are better left between women and their physicians.   "	FAVOR
2984	abortion	"Preventing ""back alley"" abortions are no reason to legalize abortion. That the illegality of abortion may lead to back-alley abortions is not a reason to legalize abortion. This argument has nothing to do with the core moral principles underlying the debate (regarding life and rights), so should not be considered. "	AGAINST
2985	abortion	 	AGAINST
2986	abortion	"Typical. You didn't come for a debate, you came for a fight. Debates are for people interested in listening to both sides and expecting to get out of it with a better understanding of the world. You came to ""correct"" people, not to understand other points of view.The undebatable? There's no such thing. Every issue is debatable. It's true that some have stronger arguments on one side than the other, but this shouldn't bother the rational person you claim to be."	FAVOR
2987	abortion	Yes, abortion should be legal. First off, you'll never stop abortions, legal or not. If abortions are not legal, women and young girls will be having abortions in places such as motel rooms, back street alleys, etc., which are very unsanitary and dangerous. Also does anyone really think that the rich won't have abortions if they are made illegal? Of course they will, they'll pay top dollar to have an abortion. Lastly, it is really nobody's business what the female decides except her and her family. Pus you don't know the circumstances. Women have the right to choose, period.	FAVOR
2988	abortion	I guess you did not look at the pictures.  Even a 3 year old will identify a fetus as a human baby... mine did, and she is not unique in that respect.I'll expound on this tomorrow.	AGAINST
2989	abortion	This is definitely true. Women and teenage girls should be educated about this and they should have used protection! 	AGAINST
2990	abortion	You are correct about the double homicide law; however the contradiction is inherent in the ruling itself. The double homicide law was only raised to illustrate this. In fact I would argue that the law (double homicide) came to be because of the contradiction. You might be correct about overturning the ruling. It might take another case challenging this ruling and it's constitutionality.	AGAINST
2991	abortion	Joe O'Brien is ostensibly a very confused Catholic.  In fact I would submit he is not a Catholic at all, not believing in the hierarchy of the Catholic Church, & certainly is NOT a Roman Catholic.  We are God's children.  He created all of us, starting from the unborn.  It is God's command to love each other as brothers & sisters.  We cannot approve the murder of the unborn & love God at the same time.  Those notions are incompatible.	AGAINST
2992	abortion	You can't get fired just for being pregnant, but you can't really work in your third trimester, and not all jobs allow for maternal leaves of absence. That's really disgusting that you think a woman should have to bear the bastard offspring of her rapist. If that's what you think, there is nothing I can do to convince you.	FAVOR
2993	abortion	"sigh I want to say yes for the most part. I think if people are mature enough to have sex (knowing the consequences of it), they should be mature enough to handle the fallout from it. It should not be used as a form of birth control. If you don't want a child, don't have sex. Simple as that.BUT, then the issue of rape comes into play. Along with the health of the mother at risk. These are two major issues that throw a wrench into my thoughts on abortion. But those would be the only reasons I feel abortion would be ""acceptable""."	AGAINST
2994	abortion	I'm confused with your argument.Are you saying that it should be   legal   or illegal?	AGAINST
2995	abortion	So are you saying that you agree life begins at conception but that   abortion   can still be justified, or something else?	AGAINST
2996	abortion	"That the Bible doesn't mention abortion."	FAVOR
2997	abortion	I consider abortion murder... I don't condone murder except in war, very rare cases of abortion, and some cases of euthanasia, especially indirect euthanasia, when the patient is not given resuscitation or any machines for life support, thus allowing him or her to die on his or her own.	AGAINST
2998	abortion	Ok, so it's better to kill 1500 children a day than a handful of women periodicallyDNA proves humanity, that's allUm whoops, you took that out of context. Go back and read what I said. Notice how that quote starts. by your logic it doesn't say by my logic	AGAINST
2999	abortion	"I know it is a ""lapsus"" but i couldn't resist: ""During the third trimester   abortion   should only be allowed to protect the health of the baby"" How is abortion going to protect the life of the baby, i wonder? Seriously: i am against all abortion (and this is my opinion) because it simply terminates the life of a human being's life cycle. Science has proved that this cycle begins at conception and ends permanently with death. I simply think it's wrong to make a distinction of humans based on any discimination as declared in the universal declaration of Human rights article2: Size, Location, Stage of development, etc... To argue that a fetus is not human is simply false.If we agree with this we have to give all humans the same rights. The only exception to abortion, in my opinion, has to be when the life of the mother is at risk.This is to save the only life who would survive if we didn't intervene."	AGAINST
3000	abortion	"If it can't think, feel, see, hear, or remember; can't survive without complete and total dependence on the biology of another being; and doesn't look particularly like people -- what exactly is it that makes this a ""human""?"	FAVOR
3001	abortion	... science is irrational... and pretending you hear the screams of things that haven't developed vocal cords is perfectly sanegot it, thanks for the heads up :/These downvotes don't impress me either. I realize there is a religious coupe going on on create debate right now. But you'll get bored of being wrong eventually and move along to a site that will reinforce your misguided opinions instead of challenging them. Don't worry about saying good-bye, I hate long good byes and I tear up, you know, the emotion and all...	FAVOR
3002	abortion	"Yes, but now I have dillema for all you ""you're a murderer if you abort!""Assume (but these situations really do occur) that a lady is 7 months pregnant. She goes to the doctor from pain in her belly and wants to be assured everything is OK. She finds out she has a serious complication that in which, she has to make a decision: a) wait at least another month hoping she can last that long so the baby can be born (prematurely, but hopefully alive enough to survive) and she dies, guaranteed, or b) abort the child for her life. Which one should she pick? If she picks b) does that mean she's a selfish bitch and a ""murderer"" just because she wanted to live longer for, probably, her children she already has, her husband, and because letting her child have her life without his mother would suck just as much itself? (Even though, in most of these cases, the mother will pick option a0 and the husband will try to talk her out of it).So, sure, you can call abortion murder as much as you all want, but it's getting really out of hand. For someone to make a wise and rational decision of aborting a fetus for whatever their reason, takes a lot more guts than you'll ever think. Also to mention, to put the word ""Murder"" up there is just REALLY low. I mean, you're making all these women feel like they should probably commit suicide by having a murder label on them. It's harsh. Alas, what if we gave an eldery person a drug so they could finally pass away upon their wishes? I'm sure that would be in the same category as ""Murder"" yet, a lot of people are fighting for something like this to be legal itself (it's only legal with doctor consent in Oregon). So, really, I don't think abortion is murder, nor do I think it is a selfish, I think all of you calling it murder and selfish are selfish. :-)"	FAVOR
3003	abortion	If they catch him they can clear out his bank account and give to the woman he raped an impregnated. Plus, it was just an idea that I through out there I never said it was flawless.	AGAINST
3004	abortion	I just recently was pregnant with a   baby   that had a fatal condition called anencephaly. This is a ntd where the brain and top of the skull do not form. I was told that my baby would die once it was born, if it was not stillborn.I could not emotionally handle carrying a baby for 4 more months that I knew would die. I could not sit at home in a bubble and be depressed. I have responsibilies like my daughter to take care of as well as work and school.Medicaid would not allow me to deliver the baby early in the hospital. SO YES I HAD AN ABORTION BY ANOMALY. No woman should have to carry a baby that she knows will die immediately after birth. Anyone who wants to ban abortions will ban all abortions..even the ones that women need!	FAVOR
3005	abortion	You said 'who many times were raped'I say ONLY 1% OF ALL ABORTIONS IN THE UNITED STATES ARE BECAUSE THE PREGNANCY IS THE RESULT OF RAPE OR INCEST!!!!! I have posted this many times.What would you say if a court ruling said that a child is not a human being until the age of 15? The murder rate of children would INCREASE. The abortion numbers INCREASED AFTER Roe v. Wade. The numbers would DECREASE SIGNIFICANTLY if abortion was illegal.	AGAINST
3006	abortion	An aborted fetus is an unformed, unviable, clinically dead entity with a destroyed brain. There is no rational sense in which such a thing is a person. Only irrational emotions could lead one to proclaim it a person.	FAVOR
3007	abortion	"When abortion is illegal , many women die or suffer serious medical problems from either self-induced or illegal 'back-alley' abortions....Women streamed into emergency rooms with punctured wombs, massive bleeding, and rampant infections."" - Ayn Rand Institute, 2003. "	FAVOR
3008	abortion	"""because abortion being illegal is about as useful as making masterbation illegal,""This is not the same case, there is no life forming when you are doing your own thing as compared to the life that takes place after the conception. A gamete would still remain a gamete if there's no union that occur. We are talking here about the formed life and not the ""half-life"" that you suggest. In that case we're all be murderers of little life."	FAVOR
3009	abortion	Of course it should be banned. Abortion became legal in America in the 1800s and was banned -became illegal - when Americans got their consciences back through a spiritual revival across the nation. At the bare minimum abortion is the taking of one person's life. But when you consider that most people have children and their children have children, it opens a whole nother door regarding the massiveness of just one act of abortion. It equals genocide - on a massive, massive scale. My position is that abortion is unconscionable and should forever be banned and illegal.	AGAINST
3010	abortion	"""I understand you think life is really important. I agree. But let's play along with this hypothetical situation just for a moment. You are a fire fighter. You are in a burning building and you have evacuated everyone but an 80 year old feeble man and a child. You are the last fire fighter in the building and the building is moments from coming down. You know you cannot come back for a second trip. Do you choose to save one and leave the other to die?""It would depend, but Iwould be inclined to save the child because that is what the 80 year old man would most likely say."	AGAINST
3011	abortion	" Judaism and the Torah uphold life against abortion"	AGAINST
3012	abortion	"Abortion Access Project"	FAVOR
3013	abortion	I'd like add a different perspective to your argument. I've changed one key word, tell me if it changes anything.The debate is not about whether or not slavery is sometimes the best course of action, but whether or not a government agency has the right to make laws mandating that a man may not have a slave. There are various good reasons for having slaves. There are even more reasons a man may choose to have a slave that are not good. Is it the business of the state to intervene and evaluate the reasoning process that the buyer and seller apply when making these tough decisions? I don't think so.Allowing government entities to have the final irrevocable say in such situations sets a precedent that puts the government in a too high of a position relative to our fundamental liberties.What can we do short of legislation to significantly reduce the number of slaves traded when there are better options? People like me who abhor slavery need to focus on putting the alternatives front and center.Hope that clears things up for you.	AGAINST
3014	abortion	"Judaism holds that life begins at birth and abortion is not murder"	FAVOR
3015	abortion	It's not right for me to make the choices or to allow the government to make the choices in someone else's life. It's not just because of some high morality or anything, but I can't support ideas like that simply because I would not want anyone doing that to me. Without life's simple choices, there is no true freedom.	FAVOR
3016	abortion	I wrote this speech...read it and it will answer your questions.Abortion: Choose Life-it begins at Conception: Think about this. A girl had an abortion, thinking that the baby wasnÃ•t living so it wouldnÃ•t matter. But, after she had the abortion, she saw what she thought wasnÃ•t living, and it actually was. The baby was living and she watched it die. From then on, she couldnÃ•t even live with herself knowing that she killed a living human being. This story that I just told you is true. A lot of women think that it isnÃ•t a baby before they have the abortion, and I will explain to you that abortion is the killing of a living baby. Well, if life doesnÃ•t begin at birth, then when does it begin? Life begins at conception. This is a fact, because there is a lot of proof that can back that fact up. For example, there is scientific proof and there is Biblical proof. To further explain what abortion is, I will talk about these important things: one, it is spiritually right that life begins at conception, two, how scientifically there is proof that life begins at conception, Three, what we can do about the abortions, and finally, why girls get abortions. Those are all the things that should be thought about, so I will be explaining them, to help you understand them.Some woman have abortions because of these three things: one, They might think that theyÃ•re too young to have a baby, two, their boyfriend or spouse makes them have an abortion, three, if they do have the abortion the girlÃ•s parents would get mad at her. The case also might be that she just doesnÃ•t want to deal with the baby. First, you probably ought to know what abortion is. Abortion is killing the baby inside you when you are pregnant. Every year 1.5 million babies are killed by abortion. ThatÃ•s 125,000 babies killed a month, making it 4,000 babies killed each day, or one baby killed every 20 seconds, that is so amazingly awful. That is basically one murder happening every 20 seconds. How brutal. The fact that life begins at conception is spiritually right. As it says in the Bible; Jeremiah 1:5 says, Ã’Before I formed you in the womb, I knew you, before you were born I set you apart.Ã“ The Bible says that life begins at conception, meaning that right at conception the baby becomes a living human being. There are many Bible verses that back up the fact that life begins at conception, like the one I just said. That Bible verse, Jeremiah 1:5 is saying that God intended a unique human being, starting at conception. Just because you canÃ•t see or feel the baby inside of you, doesnÃ•t mean itÃ•s not a baby, and alive and a human being, just like you. That is what a lot of people do not think about, even though you really should. There also is scientific proof. Some people may think that life begins at birth, or some people even later, but that is wrong, life begins at conception. Because of the fact that the baby forms gradually after conception, then conception is the only real point where you can say that the baby is a living human being. For example, the heart beat starts gradually, over a period of time so conception is the only exact starting point of life. Also, DNA defines a separate human being, and so when does a person form their own DNA? A person gets their own DNA at conception. That is a whole lot of proof, so it is just like saying it is a crime to kill a 1 year old, so why isnÃ•t it a crime to kill a baby when he or she is still in the motherÃ•s womb? That is a question that probably will go unanswered forever, or they will just say that the baby is not living, which is a complete lie.  Now, what can we do about abortion? There many things that we can do about abortion. If you start supporting this pro-life movement then it will keep growing so much then no one will have an abortion. Hopefully then the abortion clinics will shut down, and the law will have to change. But, most importantly you can change the hearts of the people who support abortion, and save the innocent little babies. Now, how can we stop abortion? There are many ways to help stop abortion. Another way is you can donate money to a place like The Pregnancy Resource Center and they will use it to buy an ultrasound machine and to then show the women their babies to try to convince them not to have an abortion. You can also write to the president or another government representative, and tell them about all this proof that I have told you, hoping that their hearts will change and then the law. In conclusion to all of this, it is spiritually right that life begins at conception, and scientifically there is proof that life begins at conception. There are many ways that you can help stop abortion, so I hope that you take a while and do that. There are a lot of things wrong with having an abortion, so you really should not have one. Just remember that God loves the person getting the abortion AND the beautiful, innocent little babies.Thank you and I hope that you have realized that life begins at conception, you should help the pro-life movement, and that having an abortion is wrong. WORDS: 981	AGAINST
3017	abortion	You are wrong about science saying it is not a human being.SCIENCE SAYS IT IS A HUMAN BEING.SCIENCE SAYS THAT THIS BABY IS VERY DEVELOPED AT TWELVE WEEKS.I thought you might want to know this.	AGAINST
3018	abortion	You have to look at the concept of natural   law  , and what would allow those rights to be violated. Do the laws of the state have the right to violate those natural rights?I'd argue that yes, they do.There may be natural law, but there isn't a natural law that states, for example, that, oh, you can't smoke   marijuana  . I think you'd be hardpressed to find someone who believes that is a natural law. However, the state can imprison you for doing so, thusly infringing on your Natural Right to liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.There's no Natural Law that says you have to be loyal to your country, but the State has the right to kill you if you commit treason, violating your Natural Right to life.	FAVOR
3019	abortion	oh and it is something that lives off of you that can kill you like oh say...a tumor?	FAVOR
3020	abortion	"A little bit of this and a little bit of that....  a dash of socialism, a healthy handful of capitalism, and the passing on of taxes back to the states, sprinkling of other things....  Choosing to mix disciplines and principles will eventually lead to a government system in which a classification of one is useless, since we recognize that no one classification will work alone.    To work toward the creation of a more perfect union! YES!    That's why it's probably best if you discard these nonsensical labels of Conservative and Liberal.  Most people don't even know what those mean anymore, they've become so distorted.  Ever notice the hostility you automatically transpose onto so-called ""Liberals""?   People hate this name ""SocialistBetty""...  make completely irrelevant comments about it.   ...which is why I chose it. Because I'm evil like that.  But more to expose how people really feel about things without having to dig very much.  I share more of the true values of conservatism (old-school) than I do socialism.  Although socialism has nice aspects to it, it's like saying that Kant, as a philosopher, was completely right about everything. Um... no.   But to combine those things that do work with what Does work in capitalism... to find the ""Golden Mean"" and untie the Gordian knot...   it may not be possible, but our love of labels certainly isn't helping.Isn't that what we're supposed to be striving for? A more perfect union of our states?  Not getting hung up on naming ourselves as one thing and one thing only?"	FAVOR
3021	abortion	I say government and church's have no right to interfere in a woman's choice about her own body..Only she knows what is best for her and her situation and being forced to give birth to a child changes a mothers life forever, rather it be a choice to keep the child or give that child up for adoption.and most unwanted pregnancies are the burden of poor women who don't either can't care for them properly or she was a victim of rape or incest and no way should she be forced to have that child.....A person I feel has a better chance to get over an abortion then to have a child they give up and wonder the rest of their life where and how that child is......I say as long as it is very early in the pregnancy, abortion should be an option available to all women and decided between her, her doctor and if involved the father of that fetus....that is my stand..... 	FAVOR
3022	abortion	Who says the kid will turn into a gangster? Just saying. I think that when a parent considers abortion they should take into acount the voice that is being silanced.	AGAINST
3023	abortion	Hi, I am a eighteen year old senior who was born two and a half months premature, a time when abortion's have been done. My mother and I were both in extream danger of dieing, my parents could have said, take it out and get my wife/myself out of danger then I would not be here today and plenty of children will never have a voice. If a mother or a couple does not want a child there is always the option of putting the child up for adoption, at least it will have a chance at life and a loveing family.	AGAINST
3024	abortion	READ ALL OF THESE LINKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!                                  literature_9438MS.asp     	AGAINST
3025	abortion	"Our definitions are essentially the same, you just misapply the definition.""The range of capabilities that someone or something has; powers or resources not yet developed or made use of.""  While, like most dictionary definitions, this is vague and not completely accurate in a philosophical sense, it is still mostly correct.  My definition is essentially the same as well, but taken from Aristotle's definition of potentiality, ""Referring to potentiality, this is what a thing is capable of doing, or being acted upon, if it is not prevented by something else.""Common definitions are a slippery idea. For example, presently the word ""liberal"" (in a political context) is defined as one who seeks greater government regulation and an expansion of welfare programs.  However, the original definition of ""liberal"" defined a person who believed in severely limited government and free-market capitalism.  In fact, many founders of the Libertarian movement considered themselves ""liberals.""Even using your ""exact"" definition (assuming that we have an exact definition and not just a colloquial summary, you are still confusing potentiality with possibility.In effect, you are interpreting the definition as if you could say, ""a person has the potential to be hit by a car.""  This makes no logical sense.  That person however exists with that possibility.Indeed, you could argue that the wood has the potential to be a table.  Yes, this is correct when certain linguistic obscurities are overlooked.  The can the wood actually do? Nothing.  That is, until it is made into something.  So what we should say is the wood has the potential to be made into a table, not to be a table.Now, considering your absurd example, If your appendix cell where on the street completely alone, it would not have human rights. It is no longer part of your entity.  This is the same idea as, if your hair falls out in my house or car, I can dispose of it.  It is no longer ""your"" hair.  As long as a thing is connected to you and is of your person-hood it is completely yours and I cannot touch itA fetus is connected to the mother, but it is not of her person-hood and should at least qualify for certain basic rights. Your example of in vitro makes no logical sense.   I never said that a scientifically engineered human wouldn't be human.  I said, the cells that they make them out of are not potential humans, when the cells are considered individually.  Once they have been engineered into a fetus, then they are definitely potential humans. You are quoting me out of context.  My argument was that a single sperm is not ""a potential human until it unites with an egg.""  No, a single sperm will not become a human of its own accord.  It would have to be made into a human.  In essence, it is a potential potentiality, but anything can be broken down into degrees or potential potentiality.  So that is a concept we should stay away from. Anyhow, I would appreciate it if you would not take my statements out of context and apply meanings to them that I never stated. Don't be mistaken, I never once said or implied that I would make   abortion   illegal, nor do I speculate as to the application of these certain basic rights of a fetus or whose, mother's or fetus', rights take precedence in what cases. All I said was you misapplied the concept of potentiality."	AGAINST
3026	abortion	This is a speech that i found:On behalf of the Salt & Light team, I would like to speak to you about a subject that is near and dear to our hearts. Today is National Sanctity of Human Life day. Perhaps you have noticed the pro-life sign in front of our church. If not, I invite you to look at it after the service this morning.Thirty years ago, the United States Supreme Court made up a constitutional right to abortion in Roe v. Wade. Since then there have been 44 million abortions. There have been 112 million births. Using those two numbers, one can calculate that 28 percent of all pregnancies have ended in abortion. Everyday the number of babies killed by abortionists approximately equals the 3,000 killed by terrorists on September 11, 2001.Now I believe that I do not have to convince anyone here in this church about the evilness and tragedy of abortion. But, if anyone remains unconvinced, go over to our nursery, pick up a little baby, hold it in your arms and gaze into its eyes and you will know the truth. All the pro-choice pro-abortion rhetoric will just melt away.The real question to be asked is why, in this predominately-Christian nation, do we tolerate this practice? I have spent three years trying to answer that question. I must tell you that I am totally amazed. There really should be no debate at all about abortion. The truth should be clear to everyone. It should be a slam-dunk that abortion should not be tolerated. It should not be legalized. And it should not be a choice. After studying this issue, I now understand how Adolf Hitler was able to pull off the holocaust. It took a tremendous amount of propaganda, lies, and deceit. The Nazis were able to morally confuse many people. It took many good Christians in Germany closing their eyes and remaining silent.Well the same thing is true today in the United States of America. There are a relatively few passionate activists who loudly spread pro-choice pro-abortion propaganda, lies, and deceit. They are able to morally confuse many people in our country. It is a sad truth that most Christians in all denominations have closed their eyes and have remained silent.The abortion struggle has corrupted our politics. Legalized abortion is so entrenched in our government because one of our two major political parties has embraced it. To even be considered a viable candidate in that party one must blindly accept the doctrine of legalized abortion. This has made it difficult for the Christians who are traditionally members of that party. Every election cycle, pro-choice candidates try to give Christians reasons to vote for them on other issues. And so, too many Christians forget about abortion as they go vote. They often provide the margin of victory for pro-choice pro-abortion candidates. If a miracle were to happen and those Christians were to hold a little baby in their arms and gaze into his or her eyes just before stepping into the voting booth, our system of abortion would disappear after the very next election.In conclusion, the most important thing I have learned during these last three years is that the future of abortion is totally in the hands of Christians. We really do have the political power to solve this problem. Our cultural enemies know this and they are scared. They desperately work to demonize and marginalize us. We do not have to convince the sinful pro-choice activists that they are wrong about abortion. We do not have to convince the radical feminists, the biased news media, or the morally corrupt politicians. To win, all we have to do is convince our fellow Christians to truly follow Christ and there is no doubt that they will vote pro-life.	FAVOR
3027	abortion	"Quote from previous commenters: ""...in 2002 alone there were 357 maternal deaths in the USA."" It is true that indeed giving birth is NOT without its risks.But successful abortion carries a 100% rate of risk of death to the child. And in contrast to the unfortunate 357 maternal deaths we see an unfortunate rate of almost 1.3 MILLION infant deaths in 2002 to abortion (        ).I suspect it is one's ego that is willing to value one life more than another... or one life more than 3,613 others.In response to ""A woman has a right over what happens inside her body,"" actually I believe what the previous commenter was trying to say was ""A woman has the right over her own body."" But science tells us that the child inside is not her body, but a completely different body and person. Common sense concludes that nobody has the right to control the life or death of another person regardless of their location, age or status (born or not)."	AGAINST
3028	abortion	I like the symmetry in this definition.	FAVOR
3029	abortion	"You're assuming that universal truth is a matter of opinion or personal belief. The fact is that all our laws are govnerned by personal belief: the ten commandments.  If I chose not to believe any murder is wrong what is to stop me? Someone else's personal belief? The law? Laws can be changed. If I have enough lobbying power to implement my own beliefs over yours and get a ""might makes right"" policy which allows me to murder anyone I can get away with murdering what makes that wrong?  When you take God of the Bible out of the equation, what moral axiom are you standing on? Everything becomes justified through individual belief.  People didn't believe blacks had human rights. Did that make it so because it was their personal belief?  The ancient Greeks didn't believe that women had souls. Were they right because it was their personal belief? I can't let the murder of the unborn stay as a law because someone else doesn't think the unborn has rights.  You or anyone else who is in favor of   abortion   are most certainly imposing your personal beliefs on a whole population of humans: the unborn."	AGAINST
3030	abortion	I am broadly in favor of contentious issues being decided in smaller jurisdictions, rather than nationally. How would you feel about a national requirement that states not be able to enact bans that   cross a less-contentious, federally-defined limit e.g. rape/incest/serious harm to the mother? This could include some kind of counseling requirement and/or late-term ban as well - negotiated, in other words.My concern is a practical one. After 30 years of bitter fighting, I don't think we would get reasonable discussions like this one. The ideological institutions are geared up and ready, on both sides. If we make a change, I'd like to have some kind of damper to prevent a draconian, reactionary swing.	FAVOR
3031	abortion	"""A person is a complex creature that has moved from genetic individuality (DNA) through functional, behavioral, physical and social dimensions.""Based upon the Religious Coalitions thinking, an infant has probably not moved through enough ""functional, behavioral, physical and social dimensions"" to be considered a person.What about a mentally challenged person?  Would he or she be considered ""complex"" enough to be regarded as a person?This argument by the Religious Coalition reveals the real danger that lurks in many pro-  abortion   arguments.  Many of the criteria that are used to deprive the unborn of protection can be applied to other members of the human race.  Starting down that road will lead us to some very dark places.    "	AGAINST
3032	abortion	When we grant American dollars to foreign family planning clinics that use Ã’their private, non-US fundsÃ“ for abortions, we still indirectly fund   abortion  . There is no way around this, as giving such an organization funds for any of their other services frees up their private, non-US funds for abortions that would otherwise be used on the other services. If we pay their electric bill, the   money   they budgeted for it can now be used for anything, including abortions.To the millions of Americans who believe that life begins at conception this means we have funded killing the most defenseless members of our   society  . I doubt their blood will easily wash off our hands.	AGAINST
3033	abortion	If you go to your local crisis pregnancy center and ask about adoption they will provide information and if you choose adoption they will lead you through the process.	AGAINST
3034	abortion	"A woman must bear the pain/risks of birth; the life of the fetus is worth it. If the woman was the only consideration in abortions, than it might make sense for them to avoid the pain of child-birth. But, her interests are not the only ones in play. The life of the fetus is very important as well. Preserving the life of the fetus is worth the risks and pains incurred by the woman in child-birth. "	AGAINST
3035	abortion	"Pro-choice uphold democratic principles of free choice. America was founded upon the principles of freedom of religion. As a fetus cannot exist independently from its mother, it is the woman's extremely personal decision that must remain between herself,and her higher power.  Just as churches cannot be forced to marry homosexuals, other citizens cannot determine what is indeed a religious decision on the part of a female."	FAVOR
3036	abortion	" Abortion generally devalues the dignity we assign to life Ronald Reagan, ""Abortion and the Conscience of a Nation"", Human Life Review, Spring 1984 - ""We cannot diminish the value of one category of human lifeÃ‘the unbornÃ‘without diminishing the value of all human life.""[7]"	AGAINST
3037	abortion	"The facts seem to bear-out the assertion that younger and poorer women are more likely to opt for partial birth abortions. About.com - ""Statistics report that 12% of abortions are performed after 12 weeks (3 months) of gestation, and 1.5% are performed after 20 weeks (5 months)of gestation. Many attribute the steady decrease in the proportion of abortions performed after the first trimester to increased access to and knowledge about birth control practices and safe, legal abortion services. Women who have abortions after the first trimester are generally younger and poorer than the statistical average of all who have abortions. Women under 18 years old obtain 30% of their subgroup's abortions after the first trimester."" "	FAVOR
3038	abortion	"Women can only be ""pregnant"" with a ""child"" not merely a ""fetus"" This is similar to the above argument. The point is that pregnancy can only be called pregnancy and that you can only be pregnant with a ""child"". Nobody would ever say, ""I'm pregnant with a fetus"". Therefore, fetuses should be considered ""unborn children"" with correlating rights."	AGAINST
3039	abortion	Traveling down the Hitlerian road, now, are we? Since there is very little in the way of DNA differences between chimps and humans, 0.8% difference in sequence identity, and there is a .2% average difference between whites and blacks, does that mean that blacks have a sub-white status? Or do we bring apes into the inalienable individual rights fold? Tell me, please, what is the cutoff number?Biologically, DNA is only half the story. A LOT of unique things have to happen inside a cell and modifications must be made TO its DNA in order for a fertilized egg to even develop into a fetus, so don't call on biology to help you with this argument. A scientist will merely shrug and tell you that what defines a species is reproductive isolation - not DNA.Merely having human DNA does not make a fetus a person. DNA may be a precondition of an organism, but it is not fundamental to this discussion. What is fundamental is the actual nature of the entity involved. A fetus is not a person.	FAVOR
3040	abortion	Do you really believe you are are sovereign over your own body?  The Bible says all our days are numbered and tomorrow is promised to no man.  You have no more control over your life than if you could change the weather.  God is sovereign and that is exactly what is so evil about   abortion  .  People assuming they are sovereign and have the right to murder others- even more horrific- their own flesh and blood.     How in the world do you deduce that giving life through carrying your baby to term dehumanizes you? Giving life doesn't dehumanize us, taking it away does.  The ultimate form of slavery and dehumanization is when a person does not value another's life.  If we can not value the life of our own   children   when they are in the womb what makes any life valuable?  When one does not trust God and His sovereignty, even in instances of rape, life has no meaning or hope.  When one trusts God's sovereignty we know that even   pregnancy   from rape can bring hope and meaning.    Aborting a baby conceived from rape will not rid the mother of the trauma of rape it only compounds it by making her guilty of murder.    	AGAINST
3041	abortion	pig fetuses?By the way, I don't recall any proof that the fetus lacks the 'rational faculty,' and since you're bringing it up, the burden of proof is on you.  However, just because a being doesn't speak, doesn't mean it's irrational.  Furthermore, if you're going to differentiate between beings, then you must include supernatural beings (whether or not they exist) into your assertion, since God is a rational being (even if only in concept), your logic dictates that He must be a man, hence your choice of differentiation is flawed.	FAVOR
3042	abortion	People suffer physically and psychologically after giving birth. Heck, people suffer physically and psychologically after open-heart surgery. Thusly, birth and other difficult and dangerous operations should be made illegal.	FAVOR
3043	abortion	"Viability is a good cut-off for when abortion is appropriate or not. Anthony Kennedy, U.S. Supreme Court, speaking for the Court in Planned Parenthood v. Casey, 505 U.S. 833 (1992) (joint opinion coauthored with Justices Souter and OÃ•Connor) - ""At the heart of liberty is the right to define one's own concept of existence, of meaning, of the universe, and of the mystery of human life....[P]eople have organized intimate relationships and made choices that define their views of themselves and their places in society, in reliance on the availability of abortion in the event that contraception should failÃ‰. We conclude the line should be drawn at viability, so that, before that time, the woman has a right to choose to terminate her pregnancy....[T]here is no line other than viability which is more workable. To be sure, as we have said, there may be some medical developments that affect the precise point of viability, but this is an imprecision within tolerable limits....A husband has no enforceable right to require a wife to advise him before she exercises her personal choices.""[29]"	FAVOR
3044	abortion	Yes I do. Abortion is never the answer.When do you think life occurs?	AGAINST
3045	abortion	I am not deciding anything. I am voicing my opinion. Who am I to do that? An American citizen.	AGAINST
3046	abortion	Unborn babies are living things and when you kill them, it is the same thing as killing an adult or a child. God is the creator of life and when you kill unborn babies you are destroying his creations. In the beginning God created Adam by breathing the breath of life into his nostrils. Ã’For you formed my inward parts; you knitted me together in my motherÃ•s womb.Ã“ Psalm 139:13. Abortion is when you kill an unborn baby, and the people who do this are selfish because they don't want to spend money on the baby, confused because they don't want to be pregnant, and evil because they kill children, they also don't trust god and what he provides. If somebody did this they would be breaking the fifth commandment: You shall not murder. He or she is also breaking the first commandment : You shall have no other gods. You should help everyone stay healthy and alive. I have four sisters and I am glad none of us have been aborted. Abortion could distroy everything including mankind!!! Than we would all be dead!! DEAD!!! DEAD!! DEAD!!! DEAD!!!AAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!	AGAINST
3047	abortion	I am happy that someone said this.  The law cannot ignore morality, and just because many voters derive their morality from religion- that does not mean that they shouldn't weigh in on the issues.  It is incumbent upon them to do just the opposite.  Unlike transubstantiation, the ending of a human life is not a theological nicety- it is an important moral controversy.  	AGAINST
3048	abortion	"I personally do not approve of   abortion   that is my opinion.That does not mean I shuold have the right to make that choice for anyone esle.That is right it is none of anyone esle's business.It should be up to the person facing the choice.Ok if you don't believe in an abortion DON""T get one and leave jane doe alone if she does again none of your business!!"	FAVOR
3049	abortion	"I believe I refuted the ""humanity"" of fetuses when I pointed out on multiple occasions that they do not possess consciousness or metaphysical independence. I could be mistaken, but there are no known fetuses who give to their favorite non-profit, write great works, or express admiration for sublime music and poetry. Let me know when that happens, and I will be glad to revise my concept of fetuses. Heck, I would even give way if they merely showed their humanity by considerately offering their unwilling, burdened hosts a break by taking up residence in an incubator somewhere instead.But since you like dictionaries, dodge this: ""1. The quality of being human; the peculiar nature of man, by which he is distinguished from other beings.""--Webster's Revised Unabridged 1996.Hmmm...What is peculiar to man? By what is he distinguished from other beings? The rational faculty. Aristotle already proved this."	FAVOR
3050	abortion	This is absurd.  Our laws are based upon the personal beliefs of the members of our society, past and present. Pursuant to Mr. O'Brien's theory, laws against slavery, murder, theft, child abuse, incest, polygamy, rape, etc., are all invalid.  There are people who believe those things are okay, so who are we to impose our beliefs upon them?Thankfully, our society has not disintegrated to this level.  	AGAINST
3051	abortion	"All of us were once a fetus. Agree.That is a child.Disagree: unsupported leap in logic. The organism passes through varied stages of development between ""fertilized egg"" and ""child.""Obviously, none of you chose to watch the posted videoIncorrect assertion. Watched it, multiple times, not in favor of outlawing abortion.We are challenging the law. This is also our constitutional right.Yup, that's your right, but since SCOTUS has already rejected ""it's a person it's a child"" not just once but many times, continuing to just assert ""it's a person it's a child"" while citing to a video from 25 years ago is probably not a very strong argument with which to challenge the law."	FAVOR
3052	abortion	"I think you make great sense!When I found out I was pregnant I immediately was excited. I didn't wait until my baby was ""big enough to deem viable"" I knew right then and there that life was growing inside of me. Most women will tell you the same thing. We all know a precious life is there regardless of his or her stage of development. People arguing to the contrary are attempting to justify murder with a lot of rhetoric (professing themselves wise they became fools). I also know many women who are spending the rest of their life grieving over the baby they aborted.  You will not be able to argue away their grief with ""When is life viabile"" rhetoric.In the words of John Donne: ""No man is an island...any mans death diminishes me, because I am involved in mankind.."" Or how about Psalm 139:16 ..""your eyes saw my unformed body.  All the days ordained for me were written in your book before one of them came to be.""It's interesting to note that one of the first things Hitler did when he came to power was to legalize   abortion  .  By the time he was deposed they were killing 6 year olds who were still wetting the bed because they were deemed imperfect. Hitler knew that if you can devalue life at one level, you can learn to devalue at any level."	AGAINST
3053	abortion	Jews, slaves, etc. are all beings in their own right, not dependent on the womb of another. So no, your argument does not hold up.	FAVOR
3054	abortion	While I disagree about the primacy of conception in the process, I do agree that a fetus (and the egg before conception) is alive and human, in the sense that its species is undeniably homo sapiens. As you say, the question really is how much protection is a fetus entitled to. I believe it is never zero and increases throughout gestation. The changing balance between protection of the expectant woman and the fetus is a political one, worthy of legislation and judicial interpretation.	FAVOR
3055	abortion	This is going to be a deeply deranged argument, because the terms in which it is couched are badly flawed.What do you mean: 'life'?On purely biochemical grounds, sperm and ovae are 'alive'. So the embryo will obviously be 'alive' as well. But to extrapolate from this to the conclusion that an embryo represents 'human life' and thus should be afforded full human rights is ludicrous weaselling and sophistry.What distinguishes my appendix from an embryo? They have the same chromosomes - does my appendix deserve 'rights'? Should I be allowed to have it surgically removed?Some will object that an embryo has potential to become a human. But so does a sperm or ovum - to which we accord no rights of humanity whatsoever - given circumstances that are only slightly more complex.And so, in fact, does a cell from my appendix, if certain procedures are followed and the nucleus is extracted and inserted into an oocyte. If potential is the yardstick, any living human tissue has it, and I can see no sensible line of argument for special treatment of fertilised ovae that would not also apply to other tissue, or to gametes.Happily, apart from some religious ideologues and dogmatists, few people try to maintain such nonsense. Most tend to adopt an uneasy acceptance that somewhere along the process of gestation, a lump of tissue acquires sufficient similarity to a true human to acquire the rights that a human has. Unfortunately, this feeling is heavily influenced by the instinctive protective drive that all animals have for their young, and biased by it.Interestingly, the Old Testament has a much more pragmatic approach, in which children are not considered people for practical purposes until they have reached the age of around one month.	FAVOR
3056	abortion	I may not agree with   abortion  , but I do feel it is totally up to the woman involved. I would never do it myself because I could deal with the unknowns that go along with it. As far as I am concerned to each therer own and leave it that way. Roe Vs Wade legalized abortion why change it now?	FAVOR
3057	abortion	Rape counts only for less than 1% of total abortions. Rape clearly is an exception.Why can't we discuss about the main problem and then address the exceptions?The problem with   abortion   these days is that it has become simply another method of birth control.This is the main problem and one everybody should agree with: abortion is not good for women, nor for   society  . We should fight the basic problem that is unwanted   pregnancy  . And i am sorry but the pope is right: Condoms only policy does not work: we need a better sexual   education  . I really believe in the ABC system used in Africa: Abstinence, Be Faithful, Condoms:Abstinence until you find a partner, better sexual practices and use of birth control methods. As   condoms   are not 100 % reliable, to advertize that the problem to   HIV   and unwanted pregnancy is solved using condoms will not be effective.	AGAINST
3058	abortion	Altarion opposed a statement saying rape shouldn't be legal! Altarion supports rape! :P	AGAINST
3059	abortion	The   morning after pill   has a failure rate. What do you suggest for these women who have taken Plan B after rape, and the Plan B fails? Then what? 	FAVOR
3060	abortion	That is a good point is the world not overpopulated already?	FAVOR
3061	abortion	As I matter of principle, I would not want federal involvement because I do not think it is constitutional.However, as a matter of political reality, you would not have states passing laws that prohibited   abortion   in cases of rape and incest.  Exceptions for those circumstances are supported by an overwhelming majority of the public.  In any event, those account for only about 1% of the abortions each year.The health of the mother exception might be more contentious because of the issue of how you define a threat to health.  I think the fact that both sides would be geared up and ready if the issue was returned to the states would actually prevent the reactionary, draconian swing you are concerned about.  Neither side would have an advantage beyond the fact that some states clearly trend towards one position or the other.   	AGAINST
3062	abortion	thats what the other debater said. unless it was an accident or her life was in dangerr	AGAINST
3063	abortion	"Access to condoms and other birth control resources:"	FAVOR
3064	abortion	Why counter a wrong with a equally wrong action?The evil of abortion is equal to the evil of rape.Only 1% of all abortions are performed because of rape or incest. (Guttmacher Institute)	FAVOR
3065	abortion	You should spend more time thinking about what you say before you type because you are starting to appear irrational.	AGAINST
3066	abortion	You have a very cold view of the rights of a rape victim.  As to your other views, I do not believe that a fetus should have the rights of a fully-developed human being until it's systems are able to function independently outside the uterus (not get it's own bottle and change it's own diaper, but simply breathe oxygen, process food and eliminate waste independently, without reliance on its mother's body to do these things FOR it.  As long as it is fully reliant upon her body to carry out these processes and incapable of doing so on its own, it is functionally a PART of her body, and her rights supercede its rights.According to YOUR model, the rights of the fetus TAKE PRECEDENCE over the rights of the mother.  According to your model, the woman who becomes pregnant CEASES to have human rights until a baby is delivered or the pregnancy spontaneously aborts.  Why should the fetus have MORE rights than the fully-developed independent human being in whose body it resides?  This is a situation in which the rights of one being will HAVE to supercede the rights of another.  Whether the rights of the fetus supercede those of the mother, or the rights of the mother supercede those of the fetus is the question, at its heart.  Therefore, since only one of the two is capable of surviving independently of the other, the reasonable choice would seem to be that the individual capable of independent survival has the right to do so.  Since the fetus cannot survive without taking over the body of the mother and without forcing her to forego her rights to function as she chooses and to medically control her own body, the fetus has fewer rights than the mother.	FAVOR
3067	abortion	"A woman having to raise a child that she doesn't want is a ""death sentence,"" huh? How ironic that you would choose such language when you are advocating the quite literal death sentence of the child."	AGAINST
3068	abortion	Late term abortions are rare and only to save the life of the woman.  So it's graphic, so is the end results of bombs being dropped on innocent women and children in Iraq.  It still doesn't address the issue of privacy.  Abortions aren't for public viewing.  You can use shock all you want but it's not going to work on everyone.  The question of   abortion   is still a privacy/medical decision.  You don't believe in abortion, no one is forcing you to have one.  We aren't living in China.  You want to have 20 kids, that's your choice and I wouldn't insist that laws must be passed forcing you to limit the size of your family.  By the same reasoning, you have no right to tell other people how many children they must have.  	FAVOR
3069	abortion	" God exists in the unborn as in the born "	AGAINST
3070	abortion	"Thanks for catching that. Yes, that should have read ""..to protect the health of the mother"".Don't get me wrong, ussitano, I'm not in favor of abortions at all for the same reasons you give. But the reality of it is we will never end abortions; there are just too many legitimate reasons why society wants and needs to have them. I would never want a woman who was raped to be forced to carry to term a pregnancy that may result from that attack. This also applies in cases of incest. And if we know a fetus is severely deformed, I can also understand the desire to terminate it. I'm a little less understanding of those who simply failed to use protection and now think of it as an inconvenience. However, prior to 28 weeks the embryo/fetus is not considered viable and so if there are reasons to end the pregnancy, I'd prefer to allow it then with the understanding that beyond 28 weeks   abortion   would be extremely restricted.To those who claim this is already the case I would point out every piece of legislation that attempts to restrict late term abortions has more loopholes than carter has pills. And while the percentage of abortions in the third trimester is low, when you consider the total number of abortions for any given year, it's still a very large number of viable fetuses that are being terminated every year. There is far too much ambiguity in the laws today and the differences in various state laws allow people to simply go to a state that will allow them."	FAVOR
3071	abortion	"So what then, is the ""the purpose for which it was designed"" if not procreation? Pleasure?! Say it's not so! I would say man has a nature and that it is fixed. And it is for this reason that I strongly believe in not banning abortions and I strongly believe that abstinence only education should be replaced by comprehensive sexual education. Because part of that fixed nature of man is that each of us has impulses and desires of a sexual nature. (And those impulses and desires are not wrong.) Acting upon them is not a matter of ethics or morality. I've never understood how sexual activity came under the morality umbrella to begin with. So long as it is consensual, there's no justification. We don't analyze other types of activity for their moral fiber. Do we talk about the morality of football? The morality of swimming? The morality of sleeping? Laws, as I stated earlier, should be based on the good of society, namely not causing harm to other people, while protecting each person's individual rights to do all things that do not cause harm to others. Ethics are not fixed, else we would all have identical ethical standards. How do you account for the differences if there is to be but one ideal? LoL at the sexual revolution bringing bondage. How is safe sex prior to marriage harmful to both parties, though? If you're responsible, no transmission of STD's, no unwanted pregnancies, what is the damage you speak of? As for the life expectancy of a gay man, consider this: homosexuals are 26 times more likely to die from suicide and 87 times more likely to die from murder than heterosexuals. Which says a lot about more about tolerance than it does about lifestyle. Nonetheless, your argument is moot anyway, because homosexuals do not choose to be homosexual. That's not a lifestyle choice, so it cannot be right or wrong. Would you say when you make a choice to walk barefoot you are also making the choice to host a ringworm inside of you? It's something that could be a consequence of that choice, but it's not a choice you've made. It's an effect. Similarly, impregnation is an effect of sex. Not a choice in and of itself. The choice ought to come prior to impregnation, when one can choose to prevent it through contraception. But sometimes it comes after. Nonetheless, it's up to the individual to make that choice. The examples I gave represent the reasons abortion ought to be accessible. I agree that it should not be used as birth control. I agree that we ought to reduce the number. I believe comprehensive sexual education with access to contraception is the best way to achieve that. You seem to think that just telling them not to do it and crossing our fingers is best. It's just...jaded. There are about 150,000 children up for adoption per year. I'm not sure how many adoptive couples. My point is, would adoptive couples be able to keep demand up for that many unwanted children were we to abolish abortion today? Again, let me specify. When I say ""prohibition doesn't work"" I mean prohibition of things that people recognize to be false laws. These would be laws regarding our bodies. Laws that tell us how we can use them (sex) and what we can put in them (drugs) do not work. People recognize the invalidity of these laws because they understand their bodies are ultimately theirs to do with what they please. Just go through the supermarket check-out and peruse the latest magazine covers. If you don't know what this does to the male mind and the way it victimizes women you are numb.Holy cow you've got to be joking! Victimizes women?! Let me start a new debate for this alone. Please visit it at                                        Do_magazines_victimize_women I'm all for teaching kids what's best for them. And what's best for them are the tools to make the best decisions for themselves. And those decisions, like it or not, are ultimately up to them to make. It's naiive to believe that all it will take is a strong voice repetitively shouting the abstinence mantra in order to keep people from having premarital sex. Abstinence is fail proof. You may fail to abstain but if you are abstaining you will never get pregnant. However contraception is not so. You can also fail to use it but if you use it, it can fail and you will get pregnant. It's that simple. And this is a fine way to teach sexual education. I'm not against an abstinent-leaning program, but one that does not promote healthy sexual habits at all is dangerous. We've got to take into account those who will fail to abstain. Not doing so is heartless. As far as the Ted Bundy bit goes, I really see no bearing here. That's specifically regarding pornography, which I'd be glad to debate the merits of in another debate. Final thought:Morals are relative, which is all I'm trying to push on you. My only ""push"" is that you not push legislation on others based solely on your moral beliefs."	FAVOR
3072	abortion	"Why do you refer to ""the U.S. 'population assistance' program""? I don't know what that program is. The Mexico City Policy applies/applied to federal funding to NGOs. It was announced by Reagan at the 1984 UN International Conference on Population, so maybe that is the source of the mix-up. I don't believe there is any specific program with funding for ""population assistance,"" whatever that means, but if you know of one I'd be very interested to see some details.I also think that Johnson's statements are misleading, particularly the reference to ""groups that promote   abortion   as a method of population control."" Any time someone makes a choice about getting pregnant, not getting pregnant, carrying a pregnancy to term, or not carrying the pregnancy to term, they are doing something that controls the population. Granted, these decisions are on an individual level, so it may seem like no one really has ""control"" -- but that's the level on which NGOs providing OB/GYN and prenatal services would be working, too. You make it sound as though there is some kind of conspiracy to abort a quota of fetuses -- this is obviously ridiculous."	FAVOR
3073	abortion	Yes, it does. When the alternative is possibly ruining the life of the mother, her consciousness takes priority.EDIT: I hope you read this argument when my score is still 666. Funny context.	FAVOR
3074	abortion	This would almost be a decent compromise, except rape is a lot more complicated than that.Many times violence is also involved in rape, and in a hospital emegency room your immediate health is what they are focused on, and you may not be able to get a pill within that 24 hour window. And there are many places that refuse to sell morning after pills. What happens then if you live in a small town and the only pharmacy around won't give it to you? What if they're raped by a family member, and can't get away within 24 hrs? What if you can't afford the pill? It can cost more than $300 to get one from a hospital ER, which is the only thing open during off-hours. Say what you might against abortion, rape victims should always have that option. This includes statutory rape. No 15 year old should have their dreams shattered by being forced to have a baby, be it by violent rape, being coerced into sex by an older male, incest, or anything else that may have been out of their control.	FAVOR
3075	abortion	it is someones choice on how they live their life and we should not be the ones to determine on how they should live it. If someone wants to do something that would be disapproved by many, well thats their decision.	FAVOR
3076	abortion	I disagree with the binary assumption: human or not human. Something that has the potential to be human is not the same as something that is human, but it is certainly not worthless. I feel that it is dangerous to deal in absolutes.Is a brain dead person on life support a human? I'd say yes. Now in a fire, who should be rescued first, the unconscious nurse or the vegetable? Harsh!Is a convicted criminal a human? I'd say yes. But we strip that person of their inalienable rights.Is a soldier in an enemy army a human? How about an 'enemy combatant'? ...The truth is that we assign, as a society, the rights we deem appropriate to the circumstances. We constantly balance one person's rights against another's. We do not have a black and white system where every human gets the same treatment. It is a crime to sterilize someone against their will. That is assault on the potential parent, not the potential children. Somewhere along the way the potential child starts to get rights independent of the potential parent. In some unfortunate cases, those rights are in opposition. I do not believe that we should ascribe equal rights to the fertilized egg and the unconscious nurse. If only one can be saved it should be the potential mother.The humanity (humanness?) of a fetus grows with time. It is not a light switch nor a flip of a coin. 	FAVOR
3077	abortion	We are talking about legality, so we're talking about laws. Therefore the word god should not even appear anywhere in your argument, let alone be the main point.	FAVOR
3078	abortion	no, every person that is meant to be brought into this world or if theres a living thing inside you it must have a reason god gave it a reason to be there, dont think oh god wanted me to be rapped no maybe god jsut thought this child belonged to you thats what i think im 15 yrs old and i think everything in the world has a reason to live.	AGAINST
3079	abortion	Lets see Hitler killed people. abortions kill people. Wow your right, no correlation at all, a true red herring.Want to know what Jesus taught about abortion, right and wrong and judging people? Go get your Bible and knock off the dust because it would be wise to ask Him not me.Final thought; We are all lawbreakers and apart from the grace of God, all of us are going to prison for a long time for comic treason. And since the one we offended is infinite in worth, the debt we owe is infinite also. So consider what infinity minus 10 thousand is, infinity. That's how long it will take to pay the debt. But that's not the question at hand is it; it's about abortion. And for that there is only one question; what's being killed? If it's not human, no justification is necessary. No one needs justification to remove a tumor do they? But if it's a human being killed in an abortion then no justification is adequate.So if you think abortions shouldn't be banned, please tell me exactly what is being killed in an abortion,	FAVOR
3080	abortion	Assigning a beginning is trivial from a distance and gets harder the closer you look. In some ways it is even more complex with fruit flies than with humans, since nurse cells with maternal genetics govern the development of the early embryo for quite a while before the genetics of the embryo take over. There is no scientific need to define the beginning of something more broadly than for the experiment that you are conducting. When wildlife biologists count gazelles they choose a definition that works for them. When neurobiologists study neural development they wait until some point in development when a particular event happens. This question (when does life start?) is not a scientific one. I am a scientist, but I am not claiming to have authority regarding the issue, except where others make a false claim of scientific conclusion.With regards to the simple firsts, meiosis is the first event that gives rise to a unique genetic combination that will become part of a new person. Conception is another later event that can be described the same way. Conception is special, because pregnancy is special. All pregnancies have emotional importance to the people involved and should be viewed as having a moral 'worth.' That is why we should work to reduce abortions. This is an issue of law and society, not science.	FAVOR
3081	abortion	"You make many definitive statements about what is true. These are your opinions, not incontrovertible truths, as you present them. This subject is debatable even if you say it isn't.I take particular exception to this statement, ""A new and unique, and complete human organism exists at conception.""At conception there is a single cell that, more likely than not, possess errors that will prevent it from becoming a complete organism. Even in the case where the fertilized egg has no defects it is not a complete human - the hardest, most miraculous parts of becoming a complete human organism are still to come. You appear to be equating the potential to be complete with actually being complete. I believe there is an important difference between an acorn and an oak tree.You are wrong when you say, ""When a new human life exists- ie, when there is a new organism which is alive and which is a member of our species- is incontrovertibly established by science as being at conception."" The phrase, ""incontrovertibly established by science,"" is far from true.Scientists as a group do not agree on this very debate. The question is, ""when is there something new?"" Many biologists that deal in whole organisms (e.g. organismal biologists, ecologists, etc.) use a definition that includes ""independent"" when counting the members of a species. Geneticists mark conception as the creation of a unique gene combination that is then subject to selective pressures. However, they will tell you that the same thing is true at the onset of a cancer. Many neuroscientists put the creation of something new significantly later, when neural or even cognitive activity begins. Immunologists tend to put importance on the start of the self-selection process when the developing embryo begins to distinguish (at a molecular, not cognitive, level) between self and non-self. It is not true that science has shown conception to be the most important beginning. There are many firsts in each cycle of life, each of them equally necessary for the continuity of life. Our modern popular obsession with the importance of DNA leads to the idea that conception is the most important benchmark. I don't think it is. Oh, and a trope can certainly be true."	FAVOR
3082	abortion	"Thank you for your kind words. However, I think the need to change   the law   is precisely the problem at hand. That is the reason why many individuals on either side of the debate, especially, those in any position to influence policy are making back flips and other acrobatics in reasoning and/or twisting logic. I feel the law should reflect facts, evidence and logic, and, reasoning based on those facts and evidence presented, tempered with the wishes and benefit of the public (notice I did not say the law should reflect the will of the public at large). I expect nothing better than ""gut feeling""   politics   and politics based on unfettered morality not tempered or influenced by reason and logic from the masses, who are easily influenced by demagogues and extremist ""gurus""... However, that our elected leaders have debased themselves and lowered themselves to this over the last couple of years (some would say decades) such that our republic is slowly headed towards the Shura system employed by Iran or Afghanistan, where the ""mullahs"" are running the the government, is disheartening."	FAVOR
3083	abortion	You can not get fired for being pregnant. I think that abortion in any context is wrong even in rape. The woman should not punish the baby the rapist should be held financially responsible. He should have his money allocated the mother.	AGAINST
3084	abortion	"Those who   abortion   should never be allowed under any circumstance are in a significant minority. Although to be fair, numbers wise, usually so are those who think abortion should be legal in all circumstances. The majority of people allow much more wiggle room. So based on your premise of being ""consonant with the values of our people"" repealing the Mexico City act was correct.My information was taken from this site which publishes all the major polls carried out by the various news and polling organizations.     "	FAVOR
3085	abortion	how is stabbing a pregnant dog, the same as abortion. it is completely different. we're not saying u can stab a pregnant person but we're saying that the pregnant person should have the option to abort. not that it is ok to go and stab any person that is pregnant.	AGAINST
3086	abortion	You just agreed with me that abortion is killing someone and not something. Isn't it against the law to kill an innocent person? I know that a lot of times it is extremely difficult to for a woman to cope with an unplanned pregnancy, but i think that ultimately, the government should make abortion illegal, but in turn provide programs to help the woman through this hard time and make the right choice in what to do with the child after birth, whether it would be adoption, or keeping the baby, in order to preserve life. I also think that the government should provide more funding for to take care of the children in the foster care system. It may be true that we shouldn't tell other people how to live their lives or what they can and can't do, but isn't that what we attempt to do whenever we vote?	AGAINST
3087	abortion	The sperm is a part of the father's body.  The unfertilized egg is a part of the mother's body.  When they are combined, they create a new life, with its own DNA pattern and individual existence.  The new life is reliant on the mother's body, but it is a separate life.	AGAINST
3088	abortion	But who is going to choose for the unborn child? Like I said was premature, if my parents had chosen to abort me then I would never had the chance to call out my ideas, have you ever thought of that?	AGAINST
3089	abortion	i agree 100 percent with you. the government shouldnt force someone to not have an abortion.	FAVOR
3090	abortion	That is not even the argument. We are debating abortion not the war in iraq.	AGAINST
3091	abortion	" Abortion is murder just as infanticide is murder It cannot be said that the abortion of a nine-month-old fetus is much different than the killing of a three day old baby. Neither then can much difference be given to aborting a nine-month-old fetus and a month-old fetus. If infanticide is murder, so too must be abortion.  "	AGAINST
3092	abortion	IT should be a choice of the person facing that question not your I don't approve of   abortion   that don't mean it should be that way we live in a country of free choices if you don't believe don't go get one!!!!	FAVOR
3093	abortion	"Fetuses, as dependents, do have some rights over their mother's body The mother-fetus relationship is unlike any other relationship between individuals. The fetus is, without choice or by chance, dependent on its mother for sustenance and life. The mother has unique responsibilities toward the fetus in this relationship, and so, yes, a fetus has some unique rights over its mother."	AGAINST
3094	abortion	#1 Our mutual anonymity precludes the possibility of personal injury by defamation. No personÃ•s identity has been defamed and hence you have no case! #2 I find it quite humorous that you must associate yourself with some legal professional as though that would somehow imply your competence concerning legal concepts. Please, by all means, go on making an ass of yourself. It's funny and it totally discredits your position so in effect I win twice . . .You may think that you have won something, but at what cost? Lastly, if I make (as you claim) an ass of myself it certainly was not for myself; for I am a man of substance and not image, and the substance I represent justifies every mother-to-be who has chosen to keep her baby. You, on the other hand, are nothing but image, and hence your image is the result of winning or losing a debate about terminating the lives of unborn fetuses. Great Image no doubt!	AGAINST
3095	abortion	"Animal cruelty is NOT a political problem, unless you are a collectivist. Although animal abuse should be condemned morally, it should not be illegal. Animals do not have rights and are the property of their owners. If you deny this, then you cannot claim a right to eat meat and wear leather. You have lost any principled argument you can make for these practices, and if you make pragmatic arguments, then you confess to being a murderer as well as a hypocrite. You also make a great leap down a very slippery slope.Degrees of ""out of the birth canal"" is not fundamental here; what is fundamental is the nature of the entity. Again, a fetus becomes a person at birth. The laws of nature eventually result in a fetus becoming survivable, fully formed, its organs functioning autonomously, and the whole organism becoming metaphysically independent, and at that time, the law of cause-and-effect induces childbirth. Nature, or reality, is what sets the standard, not medical technology or the arbitrary say-so of people. We must deal with a thing as it is, now how we can imagine it or emote it to be.Frankly, your question, ""Where do you get the notion that humans have rights?"" is scarier than any coldly rational argument I could ever make about anything. I also don't see you asking about the moral implications of the view that a pregnant woman should be forced into the metaphysical status of a plastic incubator."	FAVOR
3096	abortion	"I am sorry to disagree with you.I think it should never be up only to the woman to decide because:1. There are two humans involved: the mother and the unborn child.2. The father has to be taken into account because the unborn child is 50%""his"" 3. Such a decision should always be thought out well seeking the help of family, friends, experts, etc...4. The unborn is not property of it's mother. he has it's own human rights (to live for example). If no one bothers to defend it's rights (it's own mother refuses) society has to protect him instead.Roe vs Wade is flawed in many ways:     /?/abortion_facts/us_abortion_law/"	AGAINST
3097	abortion	If the baby endangers the mother's life, then yes, a late-term abortion is justified. Other than that, absolutely not. I don't care if your baby is going to have down syndrome or will be missing a limb or organ! That baby is a human by almost any body's standards and aborting it at that point would surely be murder! I don't like abortion at any point, but getting one that late most likely means that the mother does not want the baby because it will have a defect. If this is the case, that woman should not even be trying to have a child because she is an immoral and selfish person.	AGAINST
3098	abortion	"You're argument rests on a false interpretation of the idea of potential. The definition of potential is, ""all the necessities of y are contained innately within x  and x will become y without prevention by an outside source.""For example, a seed in the ground has the potential to become a plant and will become a plant unless it is uprooted, eaten by animals, refused water, etc.A single random cell cannot replicate itself into a human, it needs a tremendous amount of human intervention.  A sperm will also not become a human, but must be combined with an egg first and be within the uterus to be classified as a potentially human. Additionally, your appendix is a part of your person-hood, as it contains your DNA.  A fetus is a different entity with distinct DNA and will be a distinct person.You have the right to kill your own person-hood, including any bodily organ that is of your own DNA.  Now, if it were actually cloned, it would become a separate entity because your mind is not split between two entities, but that is an entirely different argument. "	AGAINST
3099	abortion	" Abortion is more likely to wipe out the bad than the good This argument is based on the premise that poverty and conditions conducive to crime often correlate to those that seek abortions. Stephen Levitt of Freakonomics makes this argument. He contends that the 1973 Roe. v. Wade legalization of abortions led to the fall in crime rates in the 80s and 90s across the United States. The period of declining crime, he says, correlated to the period when those that were aborted might have otherwise become criminals in society as a result of their circumstances. "	FAVOR
3100	abortion	In 95% of cases it is the woman's fault for becoming pregnant, especially in teen cases.	AGAINST
3101	abortion	"In most of the polls pro life and pro choice are statistically equal.  I saw no big surprises from any of the polls in the way you put it, except for the fact that even most of the people FOX polled still came out in favor for abortions in various situations with the exception of using it for unwanted pregnancies. None of the so called ""liberal"" news organizations established anything near a majority for pro choice.However, given that the majority of people do allow for a range of exceptions where   abortion   is permitted, Obama's repealing of the MCP brings how the federal government gives financial aid around the world more in line with the view of our citizens. The MCP established a false majority, in favor of the pro life ideas, this clearly not the case in the polls nor by the votes. Don't forget the couple of states who put legislation, trying to either restrict abortion or to do away with it entirely, to the vote in the last presidential election were defeated.Repealing the MCP just puts thing back to the equal footing between the opposing sides that existed before default status was wrongly given to the pro life side."	FAVOR
3102	abortion	You give no reasons to for your opinion... please do so. Im interested in this topic	FAVOR
3103	abortion	"Who knows, maybe this is a good time for the NRLC to rethink it's purpose. I recently read this article (link is at the end) ct. 15, 2008 -- The U.S. ranks 29th worldwide in infant mortality, tying Slovakia and Poland but lagging behind Cuba, the CDC reports.The CDC's latest estimates for international rankings are based on 2004 data. But as of 2005, the numbers haven't changed much since 2000.Nearly seven U.S. babies die out of every 1,000 live births. More than 28,000 American babies die before their first birthday.""The U.S. infant mortality rate is higher than rates in most other developed countries,"" note CDC researchers Marian F. MacDorman, PhD, and T.J. Mathews. ""The relative position of the United States in comparison to countries with the lowest infant mortality rates appears to be worsening.""What's going on? Racial and ethnic disparities clearly play a role. In 2005, for every 1,000 live births, the infant mortality rate was:    * 13.63 among non-Hispanic black Americans    * 5.76 among non-Hispanic white AmericansPremature birth is a factor in more than two-thirds of infant deaths. From 2000 to 2005, the U.S. preterm birth rate went up from 11.6% to 12.7%.Rather than spend so much time, energy and resources (both human and financial) on stopping women from having abortions, why not dedicate yourselves to helping solve some of the problems above? There are millions of women wanting to have babies and are facing real obstacles and traumas as the numbers above show. Just something to consider.The whole article can be found here.    "	FAVOR
3104	abortion	"National Abortion Rights Action League National"	AGAINST
3105	abortion	"Legal abortion protects women with serious illnesses that are vulnerable. Tens of thousands of women have heart disease, kidney disease, severe hypertension, sickle-cell anemia and severe diabetes, and other illnesses that are made worse by childbearing. Legal abortion helps women avert these unavoidable risks to their health and lives. "	FAVOR
3106	abortion	"My favorite line by Jon OBrien is ""hard cases make bad   law  ."" It is easy for people with limited experience to make harsh judgements on certain issues, especially if they are indoctrinated when they are young by religious beliefs.    ""Hard cases make bad laws."" ""People arguing to the contrary are attemtpting to justify   murder   with a lot of rhetoric (professing themselves wise they became fools."") Biblical quote, I assume.   In 1969, before   abortion   became   legal   in this country, the doctor who delivered me 11 years before treated me after I had been raped by a stranger in my own bed with my whole family asleep in the house. With tears in his eyes, he ensured that I would not have my rapist's baby at age 12. According to you, my doctor, my parents, and I are murderers. I believe this is what Jon O Brien or anyone else would refer to as a ""hard case."" The problem with blanket judgments such as yours, and what makes abortion unique, is that a choice often has to be made between the welfare of the mother and that of the fetus, in my case, a fertilized egg. For my parents and my doctor, the choice was obvious, but not to many callous religious zealots. Forcing a child to have her rapist's child is tantamount to raping her again, yet the Catholic   church   has intervened in such cases against the child. It is sad to say that the last 15 years have shown us that the Catholic Church has turned a blind eye and even enabled horrific child abuse on a large scale, permanently damaging their credibility on any such issue to the core.These situations get very messy ethically and medically, and are best left between women and their physicians. Envision yourself at the door of an ER watching a scenario similar to the one descibed above. Most rational people would turn and run, not walk away from such a situation, with an overwhelming feeling that they had violated that family's privacy with only a glimpse and undrstanding of what was taking place. The thought of actually intervening is unfathomable when it has actual human faces. It is much easier when there are not.  Because of the numerous factors to be considered, abortion lends itself to limited legislation at best. Abortion restrictions do indeed ""make bad law.""    "	FAVOR
3107	abortion	"A zygote, if left totally alone, will die. However, if left to it's own devices as an implant in the mother's uterine lining, it may develop into a human being, it may not. A tumor, if left to its own devices on a person's body may develop into   cancer   and metastasize or may simply get larger and larger. The point is, there is no guarantee for any given outcome, only possibilities, given a set of probabilities and   conditions  . Zygotes are not like plant seeds where if you put them in the ground and give them a minimum of care, they'll sprout into fully living systems. If a mother gives her self no prenatal care she greatly reduces her chances of giving birth to a healthy or even live birth. Definitions in each argument must be clear and must have logical merit based on clear points and evidence. Therein logic can help one side or the other. A zygote cannot survive outside of the mother. It requires nutrients and other conditions (which at the present level of   technology  ) that only a mother can provide. The fact that a zygote is implanted in a mother's uterus and survives off of the mother's nutritional supply, is affected by the mother's internal milieu and homeostatic status, and does not possess a brain or consciousness and mind of its own makes it part of the mother, not a life unto its own, therefore subject to the mother's wishes for her body. At present, no technology on Earth can deliver a zygote of any placental mammalian species and keep it viable so that it develops into a live being. If the mother dies, there is a very, very small window (as in minutes) where   doctors   theoretically can find and prepare a suitable surrogate who can carry that zygote to term, but, outside those narrow conditions, without the host, be it the natural mother or surrogate, a zygote dies along with every other tissue in the mother. These conditions are the same for every other tissue in the mother's body. None of these tissues are considered to be separate lives. They can theoretically, given today's developing cloning technology generate new life. While the individual cells themselves may not be able to generate a new life, the genetic material inside, including that contained in cancer, wart or mole cells, contains a complete blueprint and theoretically only has to be transferred to a viable ovum to become a zygote and become a ""new life"". If the mother wishes to excise any of that tissue, there is no, ""separate life"" argument given. Yet, embryonic tissue that exists as a zygote/blastula/embryo/fetus that exists in the very same conditions, that would die outside of the mother or surrogate is governed under a separate set of rules and laws. My only ""  pro-life  "" argument would be that, in the human case, since the father provides genetic influence and will be subject to providing care, under   the law  , a father should have input in any decision regarding the zygote/embryo/fetus. However, since those decisions ultimately affect the mother, her   health   and body in general (not just the developing zygote/embryo/fetus) she and her   health care   provider should have ultimate say unless she designates otherwise... but all that was off topic and I apologize."	FAVOR
3108	abortion	Yes, why should people use reason and logic to discover right and wrong when a priest can decide for them?	FAVOR
3109	abortion	" Even if abortions ""kill life"", it can be justified as upholding a woman's life Even if a fetus is considered a ""baby"" or human life, abortions can still be justified. The ""baby"" is still not a citizen with rights, while it is in the womb. In this case, the woman's right to choose outweighs considerations of the life of the fetus. The life of the woman takes precedent over the life of the fetus. This is pro-life (pro-the-life-of-the-woman) and so respects the dignity of life."	FAVOR
3110	abortion	"Using 'humanity' rather than 'personhood' clouds the issue, because many people will not realize that being a living human being is not the same as being a person.  When a new human life exists- ie, when there is a new organism which is alive and which is a member of our species- is incontrovertibly established by science as being at conception.  Because 'personhood'  is a subjective distinction, it could be binary or shades of grey or whatever is in the eye of the beholder.  It is a philosophical category, and not empirically verifiable.  Unfortunately, many in the public at large may hear 'humanity' and think the subject is science rather than ideology.The idea that there is no such thing as new life is an oft repeated   pro-choice   trope.  Obviously there has been life on earth since before humanity existed, and there has been a continuity of human life since the species first evolved.  That is missing the point.  Life 'in toto' isn't what is meant when the question ""When does life begin"", is asked.  New and unique lives are what is being referred to.  Otherwise, we would ask, ""When did life begin"", or ""When was there first life on earth?""  A new and unique, and complete human organism exists at conception.  That is when the life cycle begins.  That organism undergoes development and change continuously from that point until death- but the organism is complete at conception.  (I already addressed the issue of DNA indicating that a cell is a human cell without being a human beings in my previous comment.  It is just a constituent part of a human organism, but not one itself.)Again, when human life begins is clear: at conception. The only dispute regards the hazy issue of 'personhood'- which is a matter of opinion, not to mention a distinction that may not even be meaningful.  It is important to let the average person know that there is no scientific dispute, because that is the misperception that people are (intentionally?) being led to make."	AGAINST
3111	abortion	"apparently they are doing something:            And any two cells are not a person. A zygote is because:1. ""[The zygote], formed by the union of an oocyte and a sperm, is the beginning of a new human being.""Keith L. Moore, Before We Are Born: Essentials of Embryology, 7th edition. Philadelphia, PA: Saunders, 2008. p. 2.2. From WordNet (r) 2.0 [wn]:person: noun : a human being"	AGAINST
3112	abortion	"If you take that view, then we should abort every baby because one in a billion might have the charisma, insanity and happen to be in a desperate country whose economic power has been crippled through exploitation by the ""free world."" By your reasoning none of us should have been born because of the ""chance"" we might turn out bad."	AGAINST
3113	abortion	The number of people who want to adopt a child, does not equate to the number of people who can.There are thousands of children dying to be adopted. Abortion lowers that number.	FAVOR
3114	abortion	Don't get me wrong you can live however you want, just be willing to except the consequence.(read Joe's post) Take care of that kid, or at least put them up for adoption. Its not his or her fault that their parents wanted to live a certain way. The baby has the right to life liberty and the pursuit of happiness. I don't care how small or undeveloped the thing is. About the rape case; no of course I would not want to carry a rape child. But I wouldn't kill the thing. I usually try to do the right thing. Which is sometimes what I don't necessarily want for myself. That's the lifestyle that I choose to live. If it were me personally I would put the baby up for adoption. Because the best way for a kid to be raised is with a mother and a father.	AGAINST
3115	abortion	come to think of it...Many childern have been killed due to abortion.But if you had given them a chance to live, then they would have proved worthwhile to live!Just think how many masterminds have been killed before birth?If they had lived, may be they would have made their world a peaceful heaven!!	AGAINST
3116	abortion	faithful catholic are there still any?	FAVOR
3117	abortion	"""The question is not whether life is present."" Yes it is, look at the top of the page. An embryo is alive, not dead. Now what that means to   abortion   is another question."	AGAINST
3118	abortion	There is only one question when it comes to abortion, what is it? If it is a human being then it requires a very high level of justification to take it's life. I have simply seen no argument that comes close to proper justification for the taking the life of a innocent human being. The only arguments I have seen are those that try to take away the embryo's humanity and make it less than human.Roe vs Wade was a very poor decision by the Supreme Court because it introduce a major contradiction in the law. The unjustified taking of a human life is considered murder under current law and we have different degrees to further define it. Consider the fact that if you kill a woman with child; you will be charged for two counts of homicide. But if a doctor kills only one of those persons; no charge. The Supreme Court by their ruling overturned the law they were supposed to uphold. The right thing to do would be to overturn this erroneous ruling and restore our rule of law.	AGAINST
3119	abortion	"Tropes can be true, but a purely '  pro-choice   trope' is ideological. First, a brief point- then I'll address objections.  Every species has a life cycle.  The human life cycle begins at conception.  You are in a position wherein the beginning of the life cycle must of necessity be occurring to something other than a living human organism.  How can one make sense of that?  I posit that one cannot. Such a cell might not develop into an adult.  A lot of genetic anomalies prevent reaching adulthood. If one is present in an infant, that wouldn't be a basis for denying the infant is human, which brings us right back to where we started. First a question: You used the term 'miraculous'.  I won't make a silly objection about its being non-scientific. Would you permit me to use the term 'created' in a secular sense?  As in, "" at this point a new life is created.""Secondly, you contend that something isn't completely human until some point well after the organism's life cycle has begun.  How can you argue that a zygote or an embryo or a fetus (human or not) is not a living member of it's species?  If we were talking about gametes, then I'd agree. They require other cells to make a complete human. Are you using ""complete"" in another sense?  If you're using the term ""human"" as synonymous with ""person"", then you're not making a scientific observation.  Are you using it to mean ""mature"" or maybe ""independent""?  If so, you are employing an arbitrary distinction.  One could say that an organism isn't ""complete"" until it has reached the final stage of its life cycle.  Then a kitten isn't complete, but a cat capable of reproduction is.  By any objective standard, a kitten is considered a complete (albeit not fully mature) living feline. Frankly, I am confused by this.  Can you expand on it a bit?   Quite right!  I know of two cases where there are scientific disputes about when something qualifies as being alive.  The first (things like viruses and prions), I mentioned before.  The second is a seed.  A seed is an embryo which can go dormant.  That raises an interesting question: ""if it is dormant, then is it living?""  I'm not sure that there is an accepted answer.  Humans (as far as I know) don't become dormant.  I must admit that I've never heard of 'organismal biology'. I have trouble believing that any biologist would maintain that an embryo (non-dormant) isn't alive and isn't completely human or feline as the case may be. Sure, in the latter case you have a complete living cancer cell.  That's not incompatible with my position. POSSIBLY THE MOST IMPORTANT OBSERVATION:When do they ""put importance on""?  Which is ""the most important beginning""?  These are questions about value determinations.  They are questions about what to emphasize or give significance.  Now, there can be value determinations which are context specific, and therefore testable.  You've given excellent examples regarding branches of science.  ""Which of these three breakfast cereals is best?""  Is an untestable value judgment. ""Which of these three cars is best... at saving gas for driving on city streets?""  Is (likely) empirical.""When Does Life Begin?"" is not a matter of determining value. It is an objective question, although ambiguous. If we agree that the question might better be stated along the lines of ""At What Point Does A New Human Life First Exist?""- then it is a matter of fact.  It begins at conception, and that isn't a value judgment...or an opinion."	AGAINST
3120	abortion	"Logic can be our best friend or our worst friend. Depends on the way we feel about the question being debated. First, if we recognize that the woman's human body naturally aborts a significant portion of conceived eggs than we can relax a bit on the question of induced abortions. Since they happen all the time we need not make a special case.Second, you presume that there is a soul. I don't and by the way you can never prove you or any one does have a soul. A conundrum, I know but it does swing both ways and so logical consistency would be in favor of no special case.  You also seem to presume that you know god's mind (if such a mind does actually exist) which I will grant for arguments sake, but please inform me how you or anyone could possibly know all the mysterious ways of this god?Besides, I would argue that there is ""no room in catholic theology for the obvious disregard for human life"" presented in wars, or even in the holding of WMDs. We should strive to educate people about sex and contraception so that those who want to have a baby have them when they want them and not because of an accident. "	FAVOR
3121	abortion	I didn't realize that an adam's apple and male genetalia were a common part of a woman's anatomy.  Tell me though, which part of the woman is this child?  And why, unlike almost every other cell in her body, does this part not share the entirety of her DNA?	FAVOR
3122	abortion	Sperm and eggs are alive. They don't have an independent life, but neither does any cell of our body, including a fertilized egg. You are just wrong about the biological POV.	FAVOR
3123	abortion	"Abortion sets precedent of valuing some humans less than others. Ronald Reagan, ""Abortion and the Conscience of a Nation"", Human Life Review, Spring 1984. - ""Regrettably, we live at a time when some persons do not value all human life. They want to pick and choose which individuals have value.""[8]"	AGAINST
3124	abortion	" The right to abort does not depend on its explicit constitutional provision Sarah Weddington, the lawyer who argued Roe v. Wade, ""A Delicate Decision"", Westchester County Weekly, (January 22, 1998) - ""The word 'privacy' does not appear in the Constitution. Then again, neither does 'travel.' But if you were to ask any American, 'Do you have the right to travel where and when you like?' they'd say 'yes.' And the Supreme Court has upheld this right."""	FAVOR
3125	abortion	Are you serious? It's amazing how people only discover these amazing predictions only after science discovers them. News flash, the Bible doesn't predict anything. You're just seeing want you want to see.	FAVOR
3126	abortion	Okay, so how about we only allow women who are raped or impregnated against their will to have abortions?Since they are the group you seem to care so much about.	AGAINST
3127	abortion	"Here's a great example of the difference between a positive and a negative right.Stating this right in a positive way would be saying:I have the right to procreate.or more specificallyI have a right, as a male, to decide what happens to any individual created using my sperm.Which is a weird right, but okay. Let's go with that.Firstly, is it a codified right? I can't think of anywhere that such a right is stated or implied, unless you count your genetic offspring as property.Is it a natural right? Unlikely--people who give up their   children   for   adoption   and later want access to them, and have that refused, don't have their rights violated. Sperm or egg donors do not have their rights violated if they don't get to name\provide\have a say in their offspring's life.So let's look at the negative right statement, ie.No one should have the right to impede my procreationOR MORE SPECIFICALLYNo one should have the right to disallow my choosing to decide what happens yadda yadda yaddaThis right could be applied to the government, or to the general populace.Now, I agree that the government cannot and should not mandate abortions, forced sterilizations, etc, like many governments have done (including the US). However, that's not what's happening. The government simply makes the option available, like any other medical procedure. It provides them some funding, since it's difficult to train   doctors   in such a procedure unless you're dedicated to it, and operating an   abortion   clinic as opposed to a plastic surgery clinic is about six times as expensive, to protect it from   terrorism   by extremists.So at last we have the ""No one should have the right to disallow...""This is almost an eerie return to biblical morality. Not the good kind, where there's love and feeding of the poor--the scary kind. Rapists are forced to marry their victims kind. Does a rapist have the right to impede the abortion of the woman he's raped? Does a man or a woman have the right to force his involvement on his child, if a court order prevented it?"	FAVOR
3128	abortion	"A snail has more consciousness than a fetus, until the third trimester+.So does a woman who contracts cervical cancer from HPV, but the ""Life is sacred"" crowd seem to value her life even less than the snail.+ Of pregnancy, not snaildom."	FAVOR
3129	abortion	One could say exactly the same thing about assassins, vigilantes, robbers, and other criminals.In effect this argument is: 'politicians shouldn't restrict private murders because they interfere with the murderer-victim relationship.'	FAVOR
3130	abortion	yes abortion should definetly be banned because if you look at it from court/police type of view then you could definetly call it murder if you abort something beause the actual definition of murder is killing somebody with intent.so abortion should definetly be banned!!!	AGAINST
3131	abortion	As far as Roe vs Wade goes, they didn't force anything on you, if you think   abortion   is wrong don't get one.Just as: if you think slavery is wrong don't get one. We should never take the law as the one ethical truth.	AGAINST
3132	abortion	The embryology textbooks used to train   doctors   (I think the most widely used one is written by a doctor named Dixon) are clear that at conception a new member of the species has been created.  He or she has DNA distinct from the mother and the father.  A new life has been created as a matter of   science  .  The degree of protection that life deserves is what cannot be determined by science.  	AGAINST
3133	abortion	HItler has everything to do with abortion!The only difference between the Jewish Holocaust and the Abortion Holocaust is that the abortion holocaust is longer and many more people have died!	FAVOR
3134	abortion	"In reason, it is not up to me to prove a negative. It is up to you to prove a positive assertion with evidence. You have offered none. You have not explained why feeling ""pain,"" having a heartbeat, or having ""brainwaves"" is in any way fundamental or even logically relevant to this topic. Do you propose to endow animals with individual rights?I have explained elsewhere in the comments section that birth is the rational, logical, objective, scientific criteria we use to determine when a fetus has transitioned into a person, and I explained why."	FAVOR
3135	abortion	"i agree that that definatly did not convince me at all that it should be banned and i think you mean too ""reasons to for your opinion"""	FAVOR
3136	abortion	OK so their not going to stop so we should just not hold them accountable? This is the problem with the world today, nobody is accountable.	AGAINST
3137	abortion	It seems to me that both sides of this topic tend to be unreasonable. Many pro-lifers go so far as to assert that the morning after pill is murder, which is ludicrous. On the other hand, some pro-choice groups don't want any restrictions on abortion, which is equally ludicrous. I am trying to have an open mind, so my question for the pro-choice group is, should there be any restrictions on abortion at all? Should we (the people) allow a woman to decide she doesn't want her child as it is coming down the birth canal at 9 months?	AGAINST
3138	abortion	I just recommended you and I totally didn't mean to.What's the most ridiculous is this:  It's like you don't even know what you're talking about because this about THE STATE OF SOUTH DAKOTA PUTTING THIS ISSUE TO A VOTE.   christ on astick, but i'm of the opinion you shouldn't   vote   if you don't know what the crap you're talking about.	FAVOR
3139	abortion	"A child should not be killed to save a mother: Whilst these are different circumstances, and such medical emergencies are tragic, it is by no means obvious that the abortion is to be performed. The Ã”mother vs. childÃ• dilemma is one which defies solution, and aborting to preserve one of the lives sets a dangerous precedent that it is acceptable to kill a person in order to save another. This is a clear, and unpalatable, case of treating a human-being as a means to an end."	AGAINST
3140	abortion	Every sperm is sacred, every sperm is graced;If a sperm is wasted, God gets quite irate.Let the heathens spill theirs on the dusty ground --God shall make them pay for each sperm that can't be found.Every sperm is wanted; every sperm is good.Every sperm is needed in your neighborhood!Hindus, Taoists, Mormons, just spill theirs anywhere,But God loves those who treat their semen with more care.Every sperm is sacred! Every sperm is great!If a sperm is wasted, God gets quite irate!-- Monty Python	FAVOR
3141	abortion	"Women should be held responsible for behavior leading to impregnation. If one does not want to have a baby, they should not have sex, or they should take extreme precaution when having sex. Sex is not a game. It is a serious matter of reproduction and life. If a woman plays with it and becomes pregnant, she should be held responsible to carry out the birth of her child. And, it should be noted that the responsibility could end at child-birth, with it being possible to put a child up for adoption. The consequences of an unwanted pregnancy need not be major, but they must be born by the mother and father. "	AGAINST
3142	abortion	"Interesting Topic.  ""Can Catholics Vote For Pro-Choice Politicians"".Fisrt Off, The only individual qualified to answer or have an opinion in such a matter should rightly be a Catholic.  For it is he/she who knows the truth of the matter.  Secondly, only a Catholic in good standing with the teachings of the Church should apply.  Well then, that pretty well narrows it down a bit.Throughout the ages mankind has fought against good and evil.  Placing both at the forefront of the battle from which gain members.To do evil is relitively easy.  To do Good on the other hand, well now, thats another story, but it's one with a happy ending I assure you.Religion has been with man from the beginning and man himself and by himself can not seem to agree when that happened either.  That's another story.For the most part, a mans religion has been a mans reason for living, for doing good deeds and for spiritual gratification.  An inner growth in sorts.  Man who becomes bored with doing good things will tend to drift toward a more distorted belief.  An inward or selfward belief.  One which promises nothing and will in the end, do much the same.  This same man or individual will challenge any and all things that block his ability to waiver from the Truth.  Much like an adolesent who so chooses to misbehave in the face of a supperior.  He'll take on the Empire State Building, making claims to substantiate his opinion and stope low in order to win his point.  A kind of sinister high, if you will.  He's taken on authority from all corners of the world and when that wasn't challenging enough, he decided to take on God.  Thinking so highly of himself, he couldn't see the forrest for the trees.  We've seen this play out before and within the Catholic Church when certain individuals decided to place themselves above God.  Most recently, this created a break in the Church with false promises to those wanting more, so called freedom from the teachings of the Church.Of course like many people do, they decided to leave and start their own church with their own way of doing things and with their own beliefs, interpreted in their own way.  Even today, within the Catholic Church, there are those who call themselves Catholic but hold their own personal views and opinions, far from the True Churchs Doctrin which has been handed down from the beginning.  The Teachings have not changed, though the people have.  It is one Teaching, that from God, which protects the Catholic Church, the one Jesus started some two thousand years ago.  Over 33,000 new and improved churchs have popped up since the 1500's and continue to promise everything but the entire Truth.  Those who wish to argue this can simply research it for themselves.  I didn't make it up, I simply am providing you an extended version of why this topic can not be debated upon as though it were an opinon for cooking pizza.  Oh it can I guess, but then you would be choosing to be on the right side or the wrong side.  So proceed with caution.  Somebodies life other than your own, might well depend on it.A Pro-Choice Politician is just another individual who wants a vote.  A True-Catholic cannot vote for an intrensic evil unless the options available provide a better result which would be supportive to Gods point of view which supports all life.  Society today has watered down Truth as to it's true meaning from years ago.  Today Truth still exist and it's a wonderful thing to have in a confused world.  Like many topics, instead of trying to dissect our world into more suitable bites, can we not simply list all that is Good and all that is Bad, like too opposing teams and let the players decide for themselves?  But then again, you would have to allow an oppertunity for the Truth to be known.  "	AGAINST
3143	abortion	I don't know a woman who would choose rape over an infection.	FAVOR
3144	abortion	There are many arguments to both sides of this issue, but I think the arguments for being pro-life are way better than the one's for being pro-choice. First of all, no matter how much you deny it, cover it up, or lie about it, abortion is killing someone. You can keep telling yourself that it isn't, but it is. That's against the law just to let you know. It is against my religion and that is one of the reasons why I think it is wrong, but I can argue from a secular point of view also. The Declaration of Independence lists three inalienable rights: LIFE, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Isn't killing an innocent baby taking all three of these rights away from it? Also, one argument for being pro-choice is that restrictions on abortion are a violation to rights of privacy, but privacy is not mentioned once in the constitution. Besides, isn't the right to life a little more important the right to privacy? If the baby itself is not causing any real danger to the mother, then she does not have the right to takes its life a way.	AGAINST
3145	abortion	Well I think abortion is disgusting. Abortion can lead to problems that are far worse than rape, like infections of the uterus and sterilization. There is also a risk of hemorrhaging.	AGAINST
3146	abortion	"Adoption can be as emotionally damaging as abortion. Giving up a child for adoption can be just as emotionally damaging as having an abortion. It is, therefore, not necessarily easier on the mother."	FAVOR
3147	abortion	" It is better to seek abortion than neglect a born child It is unfair to give birth to a child that will be neglected, underfed, under-educated, and that will likely lead an unfulfilling life. It is also better for society for fetuses to be aborted that are brought up poor and neglected. Not only will the child suffer, but society will suffer when that child develops a higher attraction to crime, welfare, etc. "	FAVOR
3148	abortion	I just made a long call to the Family Research Council in Washington DC, I was interested in possibly supporting them, I agree on many of the positions they claim to represent.  I am setting here very disappointed, to use mild comparisons they appear to be modern day Pharisees and Sadducees.  For you non   Christians   they may be people who have hidden motives and are not who they claim to be.  It is impossible to determine who or where there funding comes from.  For all we know they could be funded by interests in China who wish to have much more control over the USA.  The Fact is we just donÃ•t know who the   money   comes from or if they have hidden motives.  Do any of you know exactly who there money comes from?  Please donÃ•t use the Evangelical Council as a resource to find more on this subject, you will get only general meaningless data from them.  How about it Family Research Council, give us a list of your top twenty contributors and there amounts.	AGAINST
3149	abortion	No, wit does not mean killing a child. It means killing a zygote that has no conscious thought. Arguments against abortion use scare tactics like killing cute babies in their mother's arms. This is not what abortion is. Abortion is an escape route for people who have no other choice but to not have a baby. You Kamranw forget the situation of the mother's death. Also, yes a child that was born because of a traumatic indecent such as rape would be treated differently. Also, what about the mother's career or in some cases the mother's education. Should that be ruined because of the inability for this escape.	FAVOR
3150	abortion	I'm almost at the end of my reproductive years, so I will not be personally burdened by any future government rulings on the subject. My darling daughter however, is just beginning her reproductive years, I want her and her children to continue to have the right not to bear any ill-conceived offspring.  For us, our family would simple cough up the money for a plane ride for someplace where a legal and safe abortion could still be obtained. But what's a poor woman to do? Butcher herself? Or face the risk of childbirth with a child that she did not love and did not obtain proper prenatal care for? Sigh, as if we need more kids like that around.	FAVOR
3151	abortion	You know, think about it. If you decided that you wanted to get your dog an   abortion   that would end you being put in Jail. On the other hand while it is plainly illegal to   murder   a human being its okay to kill unborn   babies  ??? Our   society   is sick. Abortion is murder.	AGAINST
3152	abortion	"""Modern embryology now confirms what the Church knew all along --life begins at conception""This seems wrong on both counts. The Church did not know this all along, or they wouldn't have had the whole quickening thing. Second, sperm and eggs are living. The sperm is alive before conception so there is no ""beginning"" of life from non-life occurring. One could easily interpret the Bible in such away to believe that sperm and eggs have the same rights as fertilized eggs. After all, it's all based on the passage that God knew us before we were born.""The intentional taking of innocent lives can never be approved by the Church.""So a Catholic couldn't vote for McCain either? He intentionally supported a war that the Pope has said is immoral, illegal, and a threat to humanity. Surely a threat to humanity is on the same level as a abortion.btw, how does one determine which sins are greater than others? "	FAVOR
3153	abortion	Generally I would have to say no. If they really are the most consistent ethically speaking (like with not allowing divorce, among other things), then I would have to say no. If they are pro-choice they can switch to the UCC (Unitarians CONSIDERING Christ). 	AGAINST
3154	abortion	There is a difference between refuting and ignoring. I addressed every point you made and didn't keep bringing up topics that were irrelevant to the debate, such as Hitler.Abortion for Rape Victims?By Gregory KouklYou are assuming from a Christian article that everyone in the world must believe in Christianity, which can't happen because God gave man free will.So what Hitler did was good because he thought it was.What does Hitler have to do with abortions?To be a follower of Him means to hold the same worldview has he does.As I said earlier, one of two commandments to adhere to as a Christian (that Jesus said himself in the gospels) is to love your neighbor as yourself.We are all lawbreakers and apart from the grace of GodWe are all lawbreakers.	AGAINST
3155	abortion	"An isolated ban on partial birth abortion would not impose ""an undue burden on a woman's right to abortion because adequate alternatives are available.""[14], according to US Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. She followed this statement with the assertion that that a ban on partial birth abortions ""saves not a single fetus from destruction,""[15] emphasizing that a women would still have the right to choose a late term abortion. In this line of logic, the main reason for banning a partial birth abortion is not to save ""life"", but to prevent what is considered to be a barbarous and inhumane procedure. [16] Justice Gin"	FAVOR
3156	abortion	"Abortion might forestall the potential birth of another Hitler. This is a counter-argument to the notion that abortion could have wiped out some of the greatest social contributors in history; it also could have wiped out some of the worst individuals in history. "	FAVOR
3157	abortion	"It is up to the individual who wants to change the status quo to provide a reason.  For example, we have a fetus bumping along on it's way to birth.  You want to justify killing it.  You've got to have reasons.  Furthermore, even if the onus of proof is on us, that doesn't also make you the judge of what is valid evidence or not, no questions asked.  When an argument is brought up, you must argue against it, you cannot simply proclaim that it is not evidence.  I haven't read all of your comments yet, but I'm getting there, and I have not yet seen you give a counter argument.  You just state the same arbitrary proclaimation over and over again.  ""A fetus is not a person, it is a potential person.  Birth makes a human.  Any arguments you bring against this will not be considered.  They will be written off as religiously motivated or invalid because I said so."""	AGAINST
3158	abortion	"Individual cells in our body do develop into something else.  Some develop into cancer, some develop into hair, which is as we know ""dead"".  Some of our cells attack foreign bodies, so one could wonder, what is consciousness and where does it begin?"	FAVOR
3159	abortion	ajligs wrote and I quote: Ã’The fetus also has a natural right, to life.Ã“No. A fetus has no rights. Ã’Life is a process of self-sustaining and self-generating action.Ã“ (Ayn Rand) Simply because a thing is alive does not give it rights. Many things are alive, including insects, weeds and algae. One does not attribute rights to such things.  Individual rights have a specific meaning and it applies only to human beings.  A fetus is totally dependent on its host.  It cannot think or act without its host.  It is not a human being until the moment of birth.Ã’A right is a moral principle defining and sanctioning a manÃ•s freedom of action in a social context.Ã“ (Ayn Rand)   The born have a right to exist because they are born.  Not vice versa. The pregnant woman has a right to abort because she has the right to life.  The fetus has no such right.ajligs wrote, and I quote: Ã’the fetus never had a choice.Ã“ This is true. It cannot have a choice because it has no capacity to choose. It cannot think.  It has no power of volition because it is not a self-sustaining, independent entity.Your entire argument is based on a mistaken premise that a fetus is a human being. Since you believe that, you give it rights.  But a human being refers to a specific living organism of a specific kind. By definition a human being is Ã’a rational animal.Ã“  But a fetus is not rational. It is impossible for a fetus to be rational before birth. It does not yet have a mind. It has no means to form a mind. As best it is a parasite.  It may look human after a certain development, but it is not yet human until it has an independent conceptual consciousness, i.e., until it is born.  Rights may not be attributed to the non-human. Women have individual rights.  Fetuses do not. Abortion should be legal.	FAVOR
3160	abortion	You were doing so well up until here. You are being wrenchingly absolute. The issue of aborting a pregnancy involves painful issues of moral uncertainty.I propose that there is a fundamental error in your 'beginning of life' argument. You take as given that there actually exists a definitive point at which a fetus becomes human (gets rights). You appear to be saying that   abortion   before this point is fine and afterwords in an enormous crime (murder). I think this is the wrong way to view the development of a baby. What if, instead, the moral 'crime' of abortion increases continuously throughout the process of development? What if it is wrong to abort any fetus, but at the very beginning of a pregnancy it is wrong to a degree similar to that of truancy or libel and sometime later it is wrong to the same degree as accidentally causing grievous bodily injury, and somewhere near the end an abortion is truly wrong to the degree of murder? I think this progression is much more in keeping with society's view of abortion. This allows for a compassionate comparison between the medical needs and rights of a pregnant woman and the gradually increasing realization of the human potential of a fetus.My conclusions.There is no magical point in development where a fetus transitions from worthless to human.A ball of cells can not have the same rights as a post-birth baby.No abortion is as morally inconsequential as having a mole removed.	FAVOR
3161	abortion	I'm pro-choice but I am also for taking responsibility for your choices and accepting the consequences. And above all, don't whine about the poor choices you've made. I don't want to hear it. Suck it up!	FAVOR
3162	abortion	then one needs to consider all those questions before you lay down and have unprotected sex. sexual awareness is becoming more and more prominent. on the other hand, i think that most would agree that there are extenuating circumstances. ie: rape, or if the birth itself would place the mother in danger. but, it should not be a cop out for a night of bad decisions. i also think the fathers should be given more of a choice when it comes to   abortion  . not all father's are dead beats, and some would love the opportunity. in many cases this is taken from them. it is just as emotionally traumatizing for some men. where's the fairness in that. woman don't want us telling them what they can and can't do with there body's. well, start considering the fathers a little.	AGAINST
3163	abortion	I very much agree that the issue is the status of 'Embryo'.  But your argument cannot answer this.  The fact we know that life is conceived - or you would say potential to life - at conception.  That is established. But your suggestion that sometime on the 90th day the embryo becomes human has now basis.  This is the basic faulty premise with the argument that abortion is not killing.  You arbitrarily asign actuality.  Perhaps it should be the 87th day but then why not the 93rd.  No, logic demands that we accept that life was created at conception.  This we know and must deal with.  Assigning actuality at some later date only serves the singular interest of the mother - who may have suffered abuse accepted - disregarding the rights of the unborn.	AGAINST
3164	abortion	"""That's what   abortion   would be, if the fetus were a person""You assume this without any arguments, when this is the very point we must discuss to accept any kind of abortion or not at all.The big question here is this: Since   science   as proved that the life of every   baby   begins at some point before birth (and there you have the countless premature   babies   to prove it), when does this new human life begins to exist?"" and the other question: Since all newborn babies are entitled to the right to life what are the ""properties"" that make them human persons and that fetus don't?What is necessary here is to use all available knowledge of science, phylosophy and any subject available to give an answer to those two questions. And with the best answers we can obtain with the knowledge we have nowadays to decide first weather abortion should be morally accepted and seconddly if abortion should be   legal   or not."	AGAINST
3165	abortion	"Don't want an abortion? Fine. Don't have one. However, don't use government power to force everyone else to live by your biblical edicts. That is immoral. America isn't a democracy. It is a constitutionally- limited republic. That means the limits are on the government, not the people.Today's conservatives hate America and America's founders, because they're incapable of living in a ""free"" society where everyone is capable of making choices for themselves. Pro-life means pro Human life. Those that are already living. Not an embryo nor protoplasm."	FAVOR
3166	abortion	I hear you. I'm just glad that there are only a few liberals in my school. I go to a Catholic school where most of the other kids are loaded rich. Because of this, they're mostly conservative. But the liberals are liberal.	AGAINST
3167	abortion	"Um, that doesnt prove anything except what it actually is. When a woman becomes pregnant she starts going through a hormonal change to adjust for this really huge thing that is about to happen to her life. It is natures way of preparing a woman for motherhood. When the baby is lost, through abortion, miscarriage, or accident, all women go back to normal hormones in a quick fashion and it causes depression. If you think that a woman feeling guilty about the abortion isnt misplaced emotion then let me tell you a general story that I am sure relates to every woman on the planet. When you get all emotional and upset because your bf or husband does not put the dishes in the right place or some other lame ass reason for getting upset, do you really think that that is really the issue? Is it really not your period or your mom not listening to you? Yes it is. So misunderstanding your emotions and where they stem from is how you define ""woman""."	FAVOR
3168	abortion	Abortion is murder no matter when a person believes life becomes official. This controversy will remain for centuries, however the fact that a potential life has ended before given a chance remains evidence enough for most people to understand why a person should never have a choice of whether a baby lives or dies. There are many reasons abortion should be illegal including the descriptive and disturbing stories about how aborted babies sometime scream as they come out and the looks of pain on their faces. These facts alone should convince anyone to eliminate the idea of pregnancy termination out of their mind. The health threat to the mother after going through with the procedure as well as the lifelong health risks that remain should be good enough reasons abortion should be illegal. With the rising healthcare costs and instance of disease greater than the medical ability to solve the problems, continued health remains important to all people. Self induced problems such as voluntary termination of pregnancy leads to complications for future pregnancies, reproductive disease, and depression. Understanding that abortion is murder aids a woman in making healthy decisions for baby and mother. Though a mother may not want her baby, health for both remains and adoption remains a viable option. God chooses many couples to be available for adopting these children by way of impotence by one or both people. Bottom line, was sex made for reproduction? Yes. Can you say abortion is natural? No	AGAINST
3169	abortion	To those in favor of   abortion  , please go to this site and watch the video. It's graphic, and disgusting, but many have not seen this side of abortion. Look at those little children, and tell me, honestly tell me, that abortion is A-Okay.     /	AGAINST
3170	abortion	" The right to choice/privacy (abortion) does not override the right to life Jesse Jackson, U.S. civil rights activist, now in favor of legal abortion, in National Right to Life News, (January, 1977) - ""There are those who argue that the right to privacy is of [a] higher order than the right to life ... that was the premise of slavery. You could not protest the existence or treatment of slaves on the plantation because that was private and therefore outside your right to be concerned."" Thus, even if a woman has a right to her body and to ""choice"", this right is overridden by the fetus's right to life. And, what could be more important than life? All other rights, including the motherÃ•s right to choice, surely stem from a prior right to life; if you have no right to any life, then how do you have a right to an autonomous one? The woman may ordinarily have a reasonable right to control her own body, but this does not confer on her the entirely separate (and insupportable) right to decide whether another human lives or dies."	AGAINST
3171	abortion	Yes, all innocent life.So -- vegetarian, then?.........................................................	FAVOR
3172	abortion	I am very sorry for what happened to you.  You are wrong in assuming that because I know that   abortion   kills a child that I must not care about the mother.  I do care about the mother and I care about you.  I have personal friends who have had an abortion and I love them.  I also love that precious life that was inside of you.  You don't know if carrying your child to term would be raping you again because you never did carry your baby to term. You don't know that you are better off aborting your baby because you can never know what life would have been like with him or her.  You are also assuming that because I base my beliefs on Christian principles that I must be wrong.  Are you absolutely sure there is no God?  That He doesn't love and care for us at every level?  That He doesn't care for your child who is now with Him?  Can you substantiate any claim you make or imply that abortion is justifiable?  What happened to you was horrific but how did having an abortion make it better? That baby didn't commit a   crime   against you but he/she received the   death penalty   for it.  Rape is wrong but so is   murder  .  What moral stand are you taking?  Rape is wrong because it was done to me but murder is not wrong because I committed it?   I don't know you and you probably don't think I understand you but I am going to be praying for you everyday. You may not believe it, but God loves you because He made you and He is watching over you and can bring healing into your life.	AGAINST
3173	abortion	"Biologically, a new distinct human organism is created at conception.  Jon is right that the issue is not when life begins, because we know that.  It is when that life has value.  The value of a new human life is where we disagree.  Whether this new life deserves protection under the law.  Whether or not is has a ""  soul  .""  So if there is not a consensus about value, and probably never will be, why is that those that want to be able to dispose of embryos and fetuses ""on demand"" automatically win?  Why is the burden of proof on those that think all life has value?  If someone wants to take what is biologically a human organism and end its existence, is it not on them to prove that life DOES NOT for certain have value?  If we cannot know for certain should we not always err on the side of life, not death?I am reminded of an analogy from my philosophy professor in   college  .  You are   hunting   in the woods with your friends.  You hear a rustle in the bushes.  It could be a deer.  It could be one of your friends.  Do you shot?  In other words, when uncertain you err on the side of life. Always."	AGAINST
3174	abortion	ok its not a person until the baby comes out it can kill you to give birth	FAVOR
3175	abortion	"In a free society, abortion is truly a matter of personal belief.  The issue of abortion debates the question of whether or not the unborn child is a human being, or at what point it becomes so. This question cannot be answered for the collective body of society, rather should be answered by the individual based on personal and religious beliefs. If an individual believes that an unborn child is a human being, then the ""right to life"" term can be justified by that individual for their own personal choice. If an individual believes that the unborn child is not a human being, then there is no justification for laws to prohibiting an abortion. Therefore It should be argued that this is an issue for the individual; that an individual seeking an abortion has their own responsibility to be informed thoroughly about the matter, but should never be forced to agree or disagree."	FAVOR
3176	abortion	"yes, but you should have to take some sort of test saying why you want to. i have known people who got abortions bc they ""didnt want to get fat""that is not a good reason.needless to say, i dont talk to that person now."	FAVOR
3177	abortion	I think you are misunderstanding what a logical proposition is. True, we can pretend to debate everything by use of fallacious thoughts, but when an argument is illogical nothing is debated.However, in a sense we can irrationally argue everything! Agreed!You have claimed that Ã’all issues are debatableÃ“ while at the same time failing to support your proposition. The fallacious arguments you have submitted fail to refute my proposition and consequently indicate that only my proposition, i.e. not all issues are debatable, is axiomatic. There is not one axiom you have affirmed that is evidence of your assertion, Ã’All issues are debatableÃ“.The only logical and axiomatic proposition of this debate is simply: Some issues are debatable.	AGAINST
3178	abortion	What if the woman in question was a victim of rape or incest? Should they have to go through that?	FAVOR
3179	abortion	isnt that a good thing that they dont feel anything? would you want the fetus to feel it?	FAVOR
3180	abortion	" There is no inviolable ""right to life"" in abortion and other cases It is clear that the notion of ""the right to life"" can sometimes be violated for certain ends. This is the case in sending soldiers to war. So as in abortion, it can be justified to kill a fetus under certain circumstances.  "	FAVOR
3181	abortion	"1. The argument I was trying to make is that the Left seems to be more concerned about saving trees than they are HUMAN BEINGS. Thats another ""debate"" I guess.2. OK not an argument here but I would appreciate some clarification...is it empathy or self awareness we are waiting for before we call them human? The reason I am asking is because it was my experience with my son that he almost immediately could sense his mothers emotional state and reacted in kind. He recognized both my wife's and my voice and music that he heard while in the womb.3. I somewhat agree on this one in that if the birth risks the life of both the mother and the baby then there is no choice. I will admit I would anguish over a decision like that for the rest of my life.As far as rape goes...while it is certainly not the fault of the mother that it happened to her it is also not the fault of the child.4. I understand that but remember ""when your enemy makes you angry ...they win"" Someone really smart and famous said that but for the life of me I cant recall who.Try not to forget that ""facts"" and ""logic"" vary according to each individuals viewpoint and at times, can be subjective both on the right and the left. They are as tired of you quoting science that they dont believe in as your are of them using a book that you dont believe in. Both groups have absolute belief in their sources.If they are ""right wing nuts"" let them be....wont that just about make your argument for you? Dad always said that we catch more flies with honey than we do vinegar!"	AGAINST
3182	abortion	I do to...you need to pray to God and realize that that is wrong. you are the kind of people i pray for.	AGAINST
3183	abortion	"... okay, I just looked at it.So what exactly did Bush want that he didn't get? I see nothing here... including that bs war in Iraq, the unconstitutional ""Patriot"" Act, and that 900 billion dollar tax cut that didn't do jack to help the economy.That's not really the point though.This is about abortion,go ahead, try and make it illegal.The world has been through this a dozen times, and for hundreds of years.Illegal Abortions prevent 0 abortions from happening, and kills woman that have to go to basements and the homes of people who may or may not be doctors to get the procedure, and who often die as a result.Amen right man ._."	FAVOR
3184	abortion	"I agree that personhood is the issue far more than ""when does life begin.""  My personal sense is that ""personhood"" comes at the point when a fetus would be capable of survival outside the uterus, albeit with whatever medical interventions were necessary.  Thus, the onset of ""personhood"" will fluctuate based upon existing technologies for sustain the life of the fetus outside the uterus.  Currently the limit would be somewhere between 21-23 weeks.  I suspect that this will change over the next few decades, allowing fetuses at lesser and lesser weeks of gestation to be sustained outside the uterus.  Once a fetus is capable of being sustained outside the uterus, I would consider it to have independent life, and therefore, personhood, including the right to not be terminated.  If we reach a point where an embryo of a single day's gestation can be safely removed from the uterus and brought to term entirely in vitro, then I'd say that the days of justifiable   abortion   will be at an end.  Until then, it would seem to me that a declaration of personhood would have to take into consideration the rights of the mother whose body is carrying the pregnancy.  I do not believe that any pregnancy should be terminated once it has reached a point where the fetus would be viable outside the uterus, unless the mother's life or health is at serious risk and the fetus cannot be safely removed without further risk to the mother.  If a fetus is not viable, however, including for reasons such as anencephaly, then the continuation of the pregnancy should be at the mother's discretion."	FAVOR
3185	abortion	I would carry the old man while the old man carries the baby and I'll die trying saving them both.the essence of life is not in who gets to live or who gets to die but the worth of each life both older and younger. you know what, ...it's that kind of line of thinking that brought about the the Holocaust and the killing of the lame, blind and old in Uganda and similar shameful acts around the world in different countries at different times in history when all kind of lunatic tyrants arose. nothing personal I'm just against that line of thinking. once you think one human is more important than the other when it comes to life and death, ...there is no stopping you. ...there is no limit to all kinds of wrong decisions you can make just to favor the strong and healthy and more intelligent and more able. abortion is wrong. at the moment of conception that's human life at it's weakest point if just a ball of cells, .....if that's how you'd like to put it, ....like I said you don't have the right to kill a human life just because it's hardly human. in case of rape, women are facing the hardest decisions and they need all our supports as much as we can give.but if that unborn child could talk and was shown his/her case scenario in his/her conception do you think it will be even easier for him/her. rape is the most vile disgusting way to strip a woman of her dignity and I feel for them especially when the child is growing inside of them. but it's not more the less easier for the child too. he/she did not choose to come into the world through such an act and I think if he/she grows up and learns that's how she/he was conceived, she/he will feel humiliation probably for the rest of her life but never the less she/he will need support from understanding humans surrounding. rape is an act to be completely condemned and eliminated, but we shouldn't make rash decisions when more than two lives are involved. ....	AGAINST
3186	abortion	"You say;There are various good reasons for terminating a pregnancy. I'd like to hear one.But to answer your question about the role of government in these affairs please consider the following: ""We the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America."" Taking the life of another person is an injustice, destroys domestic tranquility, destroys general welfare and robs the individual of the blessings of liberty, If government has no authority to protect an individuals unalienable rights what good is it?This is how our Founding Fathers saw it: ""We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. Ã‘ That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, Ã‘ That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness""Please note the use of the word ""all"" The decision handed down in Roe vs Wade stripped a whole class of people their rights by denying their humanity.This ruling goes against the very Constitution itself; It is a disgrace. As I said earlier it turns the law on it's head, the very law it is supposed to uphold. It appears this court has become destructive of the purpose for which it was founded and according to the Deceleration of Independence it is our duty to do something about."	AGAINST
3187	abortion	I believe that there should be a difference between   abortion   when the sex that created the child was consensual or if the woman was raped. If she was raped and became pregnant the woman should then be able to decide for herself but if she was just to lazy to make some guy put on a condom then she should have to go through with it. No one knocked her up agianst her will.	FAVOR
3188	abortion	Many abortion doctors admit that this baby is a living human being. Many baptize the babies after the abortion is finished.	AGAINST
3189	abortion	"""the body is no longer able to continue essential functions independently."" We can't apply this definition because some of these essential functions cannot be continued because they are still in development. You can't say ""no longer able to"" if it hasn't even started yet.Simple logic.A Zygote from the moment of conception is in a constant developpement that goes beyond the moment he's out of the womb. And no dependency can justify the killing of a human being. The greater good always is life, there are no greater good than the life of a human being.Furthermore if what you said was true then the life of a human beings depends solely on the artificial technology that is able to make him survive out of the womb. Welcome to the Matrix Neo."	AGAINST
3190	abortion	Abortion needs to be looked at just like any other killing.  But this argument doesn't suit the title, and is otherwise, for the most part, quite ridiculous.	FAVOR
3191	abortion	I am not against all abortions. I am against human abortions. I don't care if trees or chickens are aborted by their mothers (wich by the way no animal specie do). The point in this debate is Humanity. Because all our laws place the highest value on human life. Since we know that life does not begin at birth but at conception we must defend every human being from the moment it comes into being. Without life no other rights are available to anyone.	AGAINST
3192	abortion	I am pro-life.I am a faithful Christian.I have five younger siblings. The two youngest I remember their life clearly. I want you to look at a one day old baby, look at her fingers, toes, face, legs, watch her breathe, and watch her interact with people and tell she was not a human being in the womb.I want you to watch a 2 year old play with her baby sister and tell me that the baby was not a human being in the womb.I want you to look at a one day old baby, look at her fingers, toes, face, legs, watch her breathe, and watch her interact with people and tell she was not a human being in the womb.If you can do either of these, I will be astounded about how emotionless you are. And I will pray that some day abortion is illegal.	AGAINST
3193	abortion	Yes, because abortion being illegal is about as useful as making masterbation illegal,both are impossible to impose,and both kill an equal number of potential little lives,actually masterbation kills way more if you're a dude, but I'm not here for semantics... this time.So at the very least making it legal in the case of rape (yeah, we all knew what you meant, funny wording though) there's an opening for some future logical debate on the topic.Of course you would just have hordes of chicks describing mythical rape seens in dark alleys just to get the procedure. And yet again, not a single abortion would have been stopped.	FAVOR
3194	abortion	" Unborn life should never depend on whether it is ""wanted"" Graciela Olivarez, Chicana civil rights and anti-poverty activist, 1972 - ""The poor cry out for justice and equality, and we respond with legalized abortion. I believe that in a society that permits the life of even one individual to be dependent on whether that life is Ã”wantedÃ• or not, all its citizens stand in danger...We do not have equal opportunities. Abortion is a cruel way out.""[22] "	AGAINST
3195	abortion	"Almost no one really believes a fertilized egg is a human being with all the rights that entails.  Don't believe me?  Show them an unmagnified   cancer   cell and a fertilized egg and ask them which one is a person and which one is desirable to kill.  One the other hand, almost no one believes that a full-term baby is NOT a human being.  The ""line"" is somewhere in between conception and birth.  Where there is a doubt, I think it is smart to err on the side of the mother.  Where there is no doubt, then there is no problem.  ""Abortion"" as an issue is a smoke-screen designed to divide and conquer people who would otherwise agree on enough to make them a danger to the power of the state.  It is safer to keep us at each other's throats, than to let us unite against a real enemy."	FAVOR
3196	abortion	"Hi Cameron.You are using a pretty sophisticated philosophical argument first made years ago in print, by a female philosopher. A friend of mine (a University Professor of Philosophy) wrote an entire book on this and a couple of other important,   pro-choice   of   abortion  , philosophical arguments.You seem somewhat sophisticated, using the argument that you do.  Are you also a Professor of Philosophy, or an interested philosophy student, or maybe just a very bright and thoughtful individual?  Perhaps you might actually know my friend: Professor Steve Schwartz.  Cameron?  I'm not sure that I spelled his first name correctly (maybe it's ""Stephen"").  Google his name and perhaps the title of his book will also appear.I'm sorry.  I'm a little old, now; and I can't remember the title of his book just now.  It was more than a decade ago.Let me know if you can/can't find the book.  I'll try to get you plugged into it.raymond"	AGAINST
3197	abortion	"Allowing ""the people"" to decide issues like this always forces other peopleÃ•s morality on the minority. That is why we have a court system, to uphold the constitution even when the majority would rather not. "	FAVOR
3198	abortion	"Yes.  Now.  Because   abortion   is now considered a ""right"", it is beyond the court of the land to enforce it.But don't you argue that the court (the State) can violate Natural Law?  Shouldn't the court violate the right to elective abortion?I more than that look upon the ""little one's"" right to life.  If we haven't a right to life, then of what value or usefullness are other ""rights"" (the right to free expression becomes possibly the right to verbally object within the scopes of firing squads?I've tracked down my old friend of a decade ago.  Here's some info about him.  It's dated, so I must phone him soon.      Stephen D. Schwarz Department of Philosophy 170 Chafee Social Science Center 10 Chafee Road University of Rhode Island Kingston, RI 02881 Phone: 401-783-8265 E-mail: Stephen Schwarz    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Stephen Schwarz is Professor of Philosophy.  He received his BA and MA in Philosophy from Fordham and his Ph.D. in Philosophy from Harvard.  He joined the department in 1963.  His research and teaching interests are mainly in ethics, metaphysics and epistemology.  He received an Award for Excellence in Undergraduate Teaching in 1971.  He is now in phased   retirement   (half the normal teaching load), and will retire officially in 2007, but hopes to continue teaching after that, one or two courses a year.His major publications include:The Moral Question of Abortion.  Chicago: Loyola Press, 1990, 1992.Ã’Love of Truth as a Moral Virtue,Ã“ in Stephen Schwarz and Fritz Wenisch (eds.), Values and Human Experience: Essays in Honor of the Memory of Balduin Schwarz. New York: Peter Lang, 1999.Ã’The Right and the Good: Two Fundamental Dimensions of Morality,Ã“ in Aletheia, vol. V (1990), pp. 59-76.Ã’Faith, Doubt and PascalÃ•s Wager,Ã“ in The Center Journal, vol. 3, no. 3, Summer 1984, pp. 29-58.Ã’Does PrichardÃ•s Essay Rest on a Mistake?Ã“ in Ethics, vol. 81, no. 2, January 1971, pp. 169-80.Professor Schwarz regularly teaches PHL 212, Ethics and PHL 342, Knowledge, Belief and Truth.      Copyright Â© 2005University of Rhode IslandDisclaimer    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- File last updated: Tuesday, December 13, 2005 The University is an   affirmative action  /equal opportunity employer.  All rights reserved. URL:      "	AGAINST
3199	abortion	FYIThe question is not who did or didn't do this or that. The question is should abortion be banned. I say it already is. We already have laws against murder; it's just that Roe vs Wade made a loop hole in the law and that ought to scare the hell out of any sane individual. Because with that ruling a whole class of people just became non persons and no longer protected under the Constitution. Abortion is the unjustified taking of a human life in the early stages of development and that is wrong. And if it is within in your power to stop it and you don't; you are just as guilty, regardless of your political affiliation.	AGAINST
3200	abortion	"You better study your history dear child.  Hitler was all for eugenics and forcing abortions on those he didn't consider racially pure but if a German woman wanted an   abortion   whoa Nelly!  It was illegal to have an abortion for them and anyone who performed an abortion on their racially pure German women were executed for their ""crime"".  Let's just agree to disagree.  I believe that the woman is here and now.  Her health, her body, her life is paramount.  An embryo is an embryo.  No one forced you to have an abortion against your will but yet you feel you are so morally superior that you have the right to make decisions regarding other women.  99.9% of them are total strangers to you.  If you don't believe in abortion then don't have one.  End of argument.  I support your right to have as many pregnancies as your body can tolerate and if by chance it may kill you in the process, then I support your right to commit suicide in order to bring the fruit of your conception to delivery.  It's your business and your life just stay the hell out of other women's privacy.  We have thousands of children languishing in foster care, hundreds of thousands without homes living on the street or in homeless shelters because their parents don't have jobs (or don't make enough to pay rent), millions more without healthcare because their parents make too much money to qualify for state assistance but not enough to purchase health insurance.  Millions of children in this country go to bed every night hungry.  Why aren't you working your ass off to see that these problems are addressed FIRST before demanding that all women must be forced to live by YOUR moral code???  Many women wouldn't seek to have an abortion if they made a decent wage and had affordable health care so why don't you put your efforts into passing legislation to increase the minimum wage and make national healthcare a reality.  I bet you'd be surprised at how much that would reduce the numbers of abortions.  Oh, and since your side tends to be anti-birth control I'd suggest you also make sure that women of childbearing ability have all the access to that.  We don't need more pharmacists telling women that they can't take birth control pills because it offends their moral standards.  "	FAVOR
3201	abortion	"""when sperm and egg come together there is nothing else needed to determine whether it will grow to be a human or not""Are you sure you're not forgetting something? I think you'll find that the result of mixing those two in a dish will result in a smelly mess, and not a human.And if you're taking the presence of a uterus and functioning placenta, blood supply protective host immune system and the rest for granted, then why bother with niceties like mixing the sperm and ovum? Why not say that the mere presence of sperm and ovum is enough for the die to be cast?"	FAVOR
3202	abortion	At the moment of conception a new member of the species has been created.  Genes are important because they are the code for what that person will become.  The fact that identical twins become two lives instead of one does not change that.  The issue here is whether   abortion   destroys a life, and it clearly does.	AGAINST
3203	abortion	It's not impossible. Just unfathomably complex at our current level of technology.They still haven't disproved your argument though. Review your statements and make sure they're on topic, guys.	FAVOR
3204	abortion	Ã’According to your reasoning:??  Ã’If anyone really belived death penalty is murder, he or she would be advocating the same penalty for those who carry out/sentence the death penalty as the law prescribes for premeditated murder.Ã“Correct.Ã’I honestly don't believe that those opposed to the death penalty want jury members, judges, and law officials to be jailed over it.Ã’Why not?Ã’They simply want the option off the table.Ã“That cannot be accomplished, without punishment.Ã’Your argument once again tries to make abortion solely a women's rights issueÃ‰Ã“No, it doesnÃ•t.Ã’Ã‰when those who oppose it are heart-broken over the loss of innocent life.Ã“Then why donÃ•t you want the killers punished?Ã’I will never accept the pro-choice point of view, but I can oppose it without labeling pro-choicers as murderers.Ã“If the takers of innocent life are not murderers, what are they?  And what, then, is a murderer?With all due respect, I think your contradictions make my point.	FAVOR
3205	abortion	" Letting a woman die is better than directly killing an unborn baby There is a difference between letting a woman die from the presence of a fetus and the process of giving birth and actively killing a fetus. One is ""letting die"", the other is ""killing"". The distinction is important, and is a good reason to oppose abortion even during special emergencies."	AGAINST
3206	abortion	however it is terrible to say abortion should be legal . if it is made illegal than women will do unsafe things to themselves not to have a kid . such as get a friend to push her down the stairs	FAVOR
3207	abortion	"Most in the ""Conservative"" community will favor banning   abortion  , yet call for the end of the welfare state.  ....As if the child has any sort of say in the crappy lifestyle choices of the parents.  As if the life that is so valuable inside the womb has suddenly become none of their concern.   I've always found that a bit odd.    The very idea that a ""Christian"" can be in favor of putting anyone to death is absurd.  The whole view of Christianity is to turn the other cheek.  It is denying that ""an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth"" is valid.  "	FAVOR
3208	abortion	so what is the basis of FRC's claim? Are you claiming that 4 cells, the size of a period at the end of this sentence, is the same thing as a living breathing child and should have all the rights of a living breathing child? 	FAVOR
3209	abortion	"Aren't we all, by true definition,   pro-choice  ? ""If you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice."" Choosing to not is a choice, no matter how you look at it. Abortion is a difficult decision, no matter the individual's circumstances or beliefs.  Is   abortion   a   legal   issue or a personal decision?  Should the federal or state governments decide, or should you?  We all make choices in life, you are only responsible for your own, it's called accountability. "	FAVOR
3210	abortion	" Fetuses are conscious in the womb and suffer during abortions Unborn babies have a certain level of consciousness in the womb. This is partly why mothers sometimes walk around with earphones on their stomachs. Irrespective of the level of consciousness of unborn babies, their central nervous system certainly affords them the ability to feel pain and suffer. For these reasons, they should not be aborted."	AGAINST
3211	abortion	"So it is metaphysical independence that creates personhood?  I guess Siamese twins are really one person, not two.Partial-birth abortion is a political  term for Intact dilation and extraction and several variants (        ).If a physician pulling a fetus out of the birth canal does not constitute a birth, then neither of my children were ""born.""  Both need to be pulled in the final minutes of labor.If a physician pulling a fetus out of the birth canal does not constitute a birth, then a physician performing a Cesarean certainly would not constitute a birth.For both of my children, the ""laws of nature DID NOT induce a biological process which expels and organism fully developed to function autonomously"".  Both were induced with medicine, labor did not naturally occur.  Both were born attached to an umbilical cord, they were not autonomous.You are correct, cesarean births do not change the debate, they make it a stronger case that personhood has nothing to do with the birth and must exist before.If ""Exotic, borderline, or abnormal cases do not define the principle or category,"" then why can we not outlaw partial-birth abortions?  Anyone willing to read the description (or watch a video) of the process can only conclude that at minimum 4/5 of a ""birthed"" fetus (generally called a baby) is killed.  Degrees of ""out of the birth canal"" ARE fundamental here since you have centered your entire argument around this word.  I ask you yet again to define when exactly ""birth"" occurs.I have now scoured the site and read each of your comments several times.  Not once do you actually list a reason for your assertion that ""birth"" creates personhood.  The closest thing to a reason you have given is, ""the laws of nature eventually result in a fetus becoming survivable, fully formed, its organs functioning autonomously, and the whole organism becoming metaphysically independent, and at that time, the law of cause-and-effect induces childbirth.""  You must not know that 28% of US births are not induced naturally.You must not know that a baby 24 weeks from conception can live on machines providing the functions of organs for months and within a few years be a normal healthy child.You must not know that birth does not make a human fully independent from its mother, it is still physically attached.You must not know that not all fetuses are survivable when birthed.You must not know that not all fetuses are fully formed when birthed.You must not know that spontaneous abortions (miscarriages) occur on a regular basis.You must not know that a fetus 5 seconds before birth is physically identical in every way to the same organism 5 seconds after birth and that there is no magical physical transformation during the birthing process.Wendy, you are not debating the issue at hand, but simply discounting my statements as meaningless and repeating that you have laid out a solid case for your position which you have not; you have not laid out any case.  Please debate the issue so we can see the truth."	AGAINST
3212	abortion	"Your statement that the embryo during the first trimester is pre-human is your opinion, devoid of any religious teachings or thoughts of the rights of that fetus. The woman who becomes pregnant (in the vast majority of cases) is responsible for her condition--either because she was irresponsible about taking precautions, ignorant of what could happen when she had unprotected sex, or simply considers abortion a form of birth control. Personally, I felt protective of any of my children from the first moment I knew that I was pregnant, and I was already aware of their humanity. Another possibility is that many minor girls are forced by their parents or boyfriend to have an abortion when they don't want one. What about their rights?However, you sidestep the real problem. Many abortions are performed AFTER the first trimester--right up until the baby is viable outside the womb--including by partial-birth abortions. How any morally aware person can approve of killing infants that can feel pain and are capable of sustaining life outside the womb is incomprehensible to me. Yet millions of women do it, while at the same time many parents are courageously fighting to keep their prematurely born infants alive by the technology available today?I grant that a woman has the right to decide she doesn't want the child she was ""usually"" responsible for conceiving, but that is what adoption is for. There are untold couples who cannot have children standing in line to receive that baby. Plus, most women who decide to have an abortion never think about what physical or emotional harm that it may cause them in the future. Maybe they will be unable to conceive when they decide they do want a child. Maybe they will survive from the guilt they felt when/if they saw the dead fetus removed from their body."	AGAINST
3213	abortion	I believe that you may be correct in the case of a few dictators in human history; but, it would have to be a pretty overwhelming and controlling government which would take away its slaves' opportunity to procreate by   law  .	AGAINST
3214	abortion	Its not a child , its a fetus. It has no feelings at all! abortions are made to early for the fetus to feel anything.	AGAINST
3215	abortion	"The quickening issue was discussed in the context of what penalty would be imposed on someone who caused a caused a woman to have a miscarriage, or in the case of an abortion.  The penalty would be more severe if the quickening had taken place.  However, there was never any doubt that the destruction of an unborn child at any stage was an act of evil.I do not understand what you are getting at regarding the sperm and egg.  Human life does not begin until the two come together.I have searched the Vatican website and have found no statement by either Pope John Paul II or Pope Benedict XVI that the war in Iraq is ""immoral, illegal, and a threat to humanity.""  That is not surprising in light of the fact that no such statement was ever made.John Paul II stated as his own personal opinion, and expressly not as Church doctrine, that he did not believe the invasion of Iraq was justified.  The Church itself long ago developed the Just War theory because it acknowledged that under certain circumstances wars might have to be fought.  Reasonable people could disagree as to when those circumstances existed, and Catholics have disagreed about the Iraq War.  However, the Church has never stated as a matter of doctrine that the War in Iraq was not a Just War.The Church, through its teaching authority, talks about a hierarchy of sins.  Since we are talking about abortion and war, lets look at some numbers.  Since Roe v. Wade was decided 35 years ago, there have been approximately 50 million abortions in the United States alone.  Are you aware of any war, anywhere in the world, where that many innocent lives were destroyed in the last 35 years? "	AGAINST
3216	abortion	" Actually it's amazing how moral codes regardless of belief systems are homogeneous.  No one wants to be lied to or cheated on or stolen from etc.    You're still basing your personal beliefs on the premise that there are no absolutes just different perspectives. I maintain that there is God who created all of us and instilled the truth in every single one of us. If you have differing views on how you should treat others (e.g. killing the unborn) you have a common viewpoint with the rest of mankind concerning how YOU want to be treated. (e.g. no one has the right to kill me.) Your last statement seems to imply an ""uberman"" philosophy: the smarter one is the greater right to life he has."	AGAINST
3217	abortion	"A woman has the sole right to decide to seek an abortion. A woman carries a child during pregnancy and undergoes child-birth. No-one else carries the child for her; it will be her responsibility alone, and thus she should have the sole right to decide. These are important events in a womanÃ•s life, and if she does not want to go through the full nine months and subsequent birth, then she should have the right to choose not to do so. There are few Ã if any Ã other cases where something with such profound consequences is forced upon a human being against her/his will. "	FAVOR
3218	abortion	There are thousands of people who want to take these children because they cannot have their own. If you do not want a child, have it and put it up for adoption. At least you will be preserving a human life rather than killing one.	AGAINST
3219	abortion	OK this is not an argument against abortion but I do think it is a good reason they should be banned. I'll let the story speak for it's self.	AGAINST
3220	abortion	Abortion should definetly be banned! Their is a lot of things to prevent pregnancies such as condoms, birth control and getting your tubes tied! If you know you are not old enough or financially stable to take care of a child then don't have sex, just use protection. Don't just look for the easy way out because of your mistake! i don't get how if you kill somebody then you get charged for murder, and spend the rest of your life in prison....when on the other hand having an abortion is murdering a baby. To me that doesnt make any sense...and some people say but what if the person got raped and ended up pregnant.....well you can give it up for adoption, i feel that women who have abortions are selfish and are only thinking about themselves. They really don't care about what the baby goes through and that is completely wrong!	AGAINST
3221	abortion	I donÃ•t care to debate nor discuss your convoluted justifications for destroying a human fetus or embryo. My question to you: Why did your mother not destroy you while you were nothing but a cellular glob?Answer: Because your mother, and probably your father, loved you more than they loved themselves!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Hypocrite! You are ready to justify the killing of human fetuses, while at the same time ignorant of the fact that Ã”yourÃ• bullshit argument is possible by reason of your motherÃ•s refusal to kill you while your were nothing but a cellular glob! A female like you who is willing to justify the most cowardice of crimes against her own would-be progeny will commit any manner of crime against her own offspring. So, I think you should make certain that no cellular glob that is human in nature should ever be allowed to grow within your womb, for any child that is born of your matrix will most likely be sacrificed for your own selfish benefit.This is no argument!! Why, because, you have confessed to the innocence of killing your own would-be progeny. Down-vote all of my arguments! It still will not change the fact of your willingness to advocate not only the killing of all human fetuses (yes, all human fetuses), but the killing of your own would-be children. Go ahead! Justify yourself, for your response is nothing more than a self-justification via the state agreeing with you that should kill your un-born progeny. Oh, I can say much more about females such as you. Please, provoke me!BTW, how many children have you given birth to?	AGAINST
3222	abortion	"Hi,First of all after reading all the comments on this page we can agree that everybody aknowledge that the only answer to When does life begins (or more accurately as tbcass said When does the beginning of human development start) it's at conception.Now about personhood vs humanity.  To try and separate these terms has already been done several times in the past: in Nazi Germany the Jews were stripped of their personhood. In America, the native american and the african american were too stripped of their personhood. If you look in any dictionary the definition of personhood is: a human being. What you suggest here is that, based upon actual technology a human being has to be considered a ""person"" with all the rights that all other human beings have including the one fundamental right to life, a fetus get these rights when he's able to survive outside the womb.Let me ask you some questions:What about babies? Don't they also depend on his mother for sustaining (just as the fetus depends on the mother on this one thing). and what about old people who can't care of themselves?How did the fetus got into the mother's womb?, Was it the holy spirit or a consequence of her acts (ok, except raping)? We could say that the inconvenience is a direct consequence of her adult decision.Since when an inconvenience (of any kind, i can think of a lot worse than just being pregnant) can justify the ""right to not be terminated"" (killing) of a human being.Humanity does not depend on where (womb, house, car), how developped or how big (embryo, foetus, baby, toadler, adult), or how dependent we are, humanity starts when the genetic code of a man and a woman unite to form a new and unique kind of the homo sapiens sapiens specie.Any voluntarily interruption at any stage of the developpement of that human is by definition a homocide.Last thought about your :""If we reach a point where an embryo of a single day's gestation can be safely removed from the uterus and brought to term entirely in vitro, then I'd say that the days of justifiable   abortion   will be at an end"" This is even scarier that what i saw in Matrix."	AGAINST
3223	abortion	"The first question that needs to be asked is "" what kind of life is it?"" If it is a human life then no reason for abortion is adequate. Therefore no further questions are needed.That is an example of what is called jumping to conclusions. You have not established that it abortion is never justified. Even if it is agreed (which I do agree with you) that it is a human life."	FAVOR
3224	abortion	"Taking the life of another person. . . is not what happens in an abortion, because a fetus is not a ""person.""Roe didn't strip any class of ""people"" of rights, because a fetus is not a person.Nothing about the abortion right is unconstitutional, because (get ready for it): a fetus is not a person.Never in the history of U.S. law has a fetus been a ""person,"" and a fetus is not a ""person"" under the law of the EU either.Are you getting the part where you went wrong yet?"	FAVOR
3225	abortion	"robbyjohn said ""Sid, you say you don't know when life begins, but you do know it's not at conception..??? Which is it? you don't know but you do know? Life is life whether we believe in it or not.""I don't see the problem.  They're separate questions.  Does life begin at conception?  No.  Does life begin at birth?  I don't know..maybe. Does life begin in the 30th week of gestation?  I don't know...maybe.  My point is that the beginning of life cannot be defined by means of oversimplified developmental stages, like conception or birth, or by arbitrary physiological criteria like heartbeat.  Human life must be defined functionally, based on the acquisition of higher order consciousness/awareness, which are hallmarks of the human mind, and essential characteristics of human beings vs. other animals.  At this point, those concepts are strictly philosophical since science cannot even define them clearly, let alone state with certainty when they begin.  I realize this is a hot-button issue, especially in view of the deep religious views of most Americans. I also realize that it is psychologically satisfying to have simple black-and-white answers to important issues. But this does not justify sweeping, blanket pronouncements by either side in the absence of supporting facts.  I'm afraid we just have to live with the uncertainty, and keep our laws flexible enough to accommodate it.  Sid"	FAVOR
3226	abortion	I think abortion should be illegal in all cases except: (a) rape or (b) when the baby is physically hurting the mother.	FAVOR
3227	abortion	True however, we were all a fetus at one time, therefore, it is the beginning of life. A life that many families are dieing to take care of because they cannot have children of their own.	AGAINST
3228	abortion	" Abortion fails to liberate women as intended Instead of freeing women, abortion places women in a new prison of regret and torment."	AGAINST
3229	abortion	but i am responding as a rape victim.  i am holding in my arms the results of that rape. my son is the world to me.   an abortion would be just as tramatizing as a rape	AGAINST
3230	abortion	You are good at making my point thank you. A question not properly answered never goes away, and equivocating on terms is a poor attempt to cloud the issue.It does appear you are rather uninformed about fetal development. I do hope you would be more open minded and consider the possibility that you might actually be mistaken.I only down vote faulty logic :) and insult is no argument, please deal with ihe issue at hand and actually respond to what is said and not what you think is said.	AGAINST
3231	abortion	"That abortions may harm poor women does not affect principal case against it. Kristin Luker, Dubious Conceptions (1996) - ""..The fact that only poor women are denied reproductive freedom when abortions are illegal is unpersuasive to those who oppose abortion on moral grounds."""	AGAINST
3232	abortion	" Women must control their bodies or risk becoming servants of the fetus Forcing a woman to continue an unwanted pregnancy subjugates a woman to the fetus. Under no circumstances should a woman's right to control her own body be curtailed in this way. Or, in other words, a fetus cannot be said to have rights to a woman's body that enslave the woman and her body in the relationship. This argument is encapsulated in what is known as the ""dialysis analogy"", put forward by Judith Jarvis in ""A defense of abortion"". The argument is that, an individual that hypothetically lives off of another woman's body does not have a right to continue to utilize that woman's body as a kind of ""dialysis machine"". The woman has a right to ""unplug"". In the same sense, a woman has the right to ""unplug"" her body from the fetus, which depends on the woman's body to live, but which does not have rights over the woman's body for its continued existence."	FAVOR
3233	abortion	"Textbooks change over time. It changes as we know things. It changes as we learn things are different. If I found you an embryology textbook that said the opposite, that said that a fetus cannot truly be considered human until week whatever, would you be forced to admit that ""Scientifically, human life begins at this stage.""?MEDICALLY, an authority we could possibly go to was the AMA. The AMA says there's no consensus between   doctors  .There are spectrums of opinions ranging from At Birth, to At Conception. There's no majority. There's just..a line in a textbook.Scientifically though, it's less clear. For example, we could go to the neurologists. Neurologists are the people in charge of the study of the nervous system, and it's through them that we get the idea of what constitutes dead--ie, Brain Death. Using that rule, we couldn't really start Life until--Brain life. The first neurons start firing at around 5 months, and the brain is fully developed at 7.So there's a valid scientific alternative. "	FAVOR
3234	abortion	No, no, I don't think that every sperm and egg has a chance at life, of course not, come on. Give me more credit than that. Thats stupid. I respect the law as it exists. And I stand by everything els I said.	AGAINST
3235	abortion	"Unfortunately, it is not relevant here.  We have already established that it is immoral to have an   abortion  , and I never said that it was moral to refuse a dying person your kidney.  Really, it's pretty cold.  Nor did I say that it was not as harmful.  In both situations, someone ends up dead.  The debate however, was not about the morality or the harmfulness of either.  It was about the government's ability to make laws.  The government cannot make laws requiring you to go out and actively save lives.  There are no ""Good Samaritan"" laws.  If there were, Ted Kennedy would be in prison, not the Senate.  Murder, the active killing of another person, on the other hand, is illegal. There might not be a moral difference, but there is a legal one.  Morality and the amount of damage done have nothing to do with it."	AGAINST
3236	abortion	Rome was not built in a day. While we can easily glorify the act of creating something new, it is much harder to pinpoint the instant it happened. In fact, with complex creations, there is no instant to glorify - only a process of incremental accrual of characteristics.Also, there is nothing inevitable about a fetal clump of cells becoming a human being. Many, perhaps most, conceptions fail naturally. Biology is harsh.	FAVOR
3237	abortion	Notice what you have done; You've imposed an arbitrary standard (dependent on the womb of another) and then said it is OK to kill any human being who doesn't meet this standard. That standard can be slid anywhere up or down, from conception to old age. It's what is know as moral relativism and it's a morally bankrupt ethic. The question is not; at what point can we kill it, but what is it?You need to first establish that this standard of yours is morally justified because I'm not persuaded that it is.	AGAINST
3238	abortion	I should further say to disprove this argument you have to falsify it's key premise and that is: abortion takes the life of an innocent human being That' why this whole debate hinges on one key question: What is it? And genetically it is human. It has it's own unique and complete chromosome which makes it distinct from it's parents and wholly different from the egg and sperm used to create it. Since this syllogism is sound and it's premises are verifiable you will have to resort to irrationality and unscientific assertions to disprove it.	AGAINST
3239	abortion	This is a scientific question. The Question should be better put this way: When does the life of a distinct human being begins? There is no debate here:   science   tell us that the life of each and everyone of us begins at conception when two haploid cells unite and fuse to create a new diploid cell called zygote that through constant and driven development will terminate it's existance with death.Personhood (that shouldn't be confused with ensoulment) is a philosophic question and is not the subject of the debate.Best link:     	AGAINST
3240	abortion	Funny that you should be using metaphysics in an argument; but thanks for making my point: dependence isn't a criteria for life, humanity, or lack thereof.Okay, good, so who cares about pig embryos?  In other words, a fetus and an embryo are both living beings; more specifically we're talking about HUMAN embryos and fetuses, and thus HUMAN beings, and therefore we are talking about persons, the plural of which is people.  Thank you once again for making my case.Now, I believe you are confusing this argument with arguments for existence in which the burden of proof is logically one-sided.  We're not debating whether unborn human beings (persons) exist, that's already proven.  We're debating whether these beings are human or not.  You can prove whether or not they're human; I have.  Now the burden of proof still remains with you that they are not human, or not alive.  You cannot make either case, because the contrary to both of these assertions is false.	FAVOR
3241	abortion	Ok, this is actually kinda funny..Technically fetuses are not people, but come on Wendy.. Fetuses eventually WILL BE people and children, without question if they weren't KILLED. So, how is any of this relevant?  And also, a murderer is someone who takes another's life.. and that is exactly what they are doing when KILLING A CHILD or fetus or whatever you would like to justify it as to make yourself feel better. I do not understand how people would want to kill their own child when they knew all along that pregnancy could happen. I do not see why the child should have to suffer for their parents horrible decisions..a baby is so innocent..they have done nothing wrong to the world...so have the child and bless someone else with the privilege that one is taking for granted. 	AGAINST
3242	abortion	Neither an egg, nor sperm cell contains a full 46 chromosomes which gnetically comprise a human being.  Sort of like a hair follicle; the genes aren't all activated, so it's only part of a human being; same with somatic cells; they only have part of a particular human's DNA.However, when 2 sets of chromosomes combine, and are fully active (as is the case at conception) you have, not a part of a human, but an entire human, for the cell is the fundamental unit of life, biologically.	AGAINST
3243	abortion	I live in the United Kingdom and a 13 year old boy became a father, if he the pregnancy was aborted (his girlfriends) then he would have been spared the shame, worry, and financial difficulty.Abortion should be legal regardless, I stand for that as does our PM	FAVOR
3244	abortion	"No, relying on reality is the foundation of logical, rational argument. Yawn.I am losing track of all the logical fallacies you are scoring, but add self-contradiction: ""Relying on a formal authority is the foundation of logical, even rational argument,"" followed by ""...authoritative definition may plausibly be incorrect."" No wonder you don't think Identity is an axiom. You just make it too easy for me.Something tells me you wouldn't know epistemology from the residue in a freshly used urinal, but the retarded and ""handicapped"" DO possess a rational faculty, although in varying degrees, and their rights are in fact delimited to the extent of their mental capacity, which is exactly what one would predict if man's rights are logically derived from his nature as the rational animal. Fetuses do not have any such capacity.When I read, ""Consciousness is not an axiom. You do KNOW what an axiom is, don't YOU?"" [emphasis mine], I almost fell on the floor with laughter. That target is so easy to hit, I won't bother shooting at it. That was even funnier to me than your bit about high school biology supporting your case.You are obviously completely philosophically uninitiated, so I could have a lot of fun here. Let's try this one. You admit that Existence is ""an"" axiom, Identity is not, but that Truth and Fact are the ""fundamental"" axioms. If Existence is not fundamental, and existents don't possess Identity, then what exactly is true or factual? The description of things which are not what they are, which you do not even know exist until you they have been proven factual and true? LOL"	FAVOR
3245	abortion	" It is odd to defend the dignity of a fetus over a child-rearer There is a peculiar double standard being applied by opponents of abortion. The dignity of the fetus is glorified, while the dignity of the child-rearer is seemingly ignored and even trampled. This is particularly concerning when more men appear to support abortion than woman; it appears that men are more willing to trample the child-bearer (a woman) than the child."	FAVOR
3246	abortion	" Rape is an arbitrary exception; abortion must be available in all pregnancies. Many opponents of abortion allow for abortion in instances of rape. But, this assigns rights arbitrarily to the unborn ""bastard child"" as compared to an ordinarily-conceived child. It confers lower rights on the unborn ""bastard child"". This is wrong. The solution, though, cannot be to ban abortions even in cases of rape. Instead, the solution is to legalize all forms of abortion."	FAVOR
3247	abortion	"As much as I'm against it and think what a horrible feeling and decision that must be for the women, abortion should not be banned altogether. We would go back to the dark ages where doctors and their patients would have ""back alley abortions"". 3rd trimester should be illegal that's just wrong. It is a very hard topic that I struggle with. Ultimately the choice lies within the women. But what a awful one to make, they will live with it for the rest of their life."	FAVOR
3248	abortion	"She said her husband had a vasectomy. The failure rate is only about .01%-1%. THIS IS BIRTH CONTROL!!!!! Are you brain dead? Yes, I am sure having six   children   shows you the joys of having a child, but it also shows you the trials, tribulations, etc. of child rearing as well. What about the strain on a family of eight bringing another child in the world? Frankly, is it even any of your business? And by the way, to condemn someone who, even by anti-choicer's standards ""played"" by the rules and did use birth control is pretty weak. So now her and her husband have to throw on three condoms cover themselves in spermicidal, use a diaphram, and be on the pill, as well as taking Plan B after the fact? Is that enough for you? No, because if even after all this, she was unfortunate enough to get pregnant, you would condemn her anyway for not being ""careful"" or ""responsible"" enough. Do you have any adopted children? I am tired of your crowd spouting out hate and then passing the buck to some random family that wants a baby through the   adoption   system. Put your   money   where your mouth is. Keep your legs crossed horribledisaster. "	FAVOR
3249	abortion	Why should a mother have the right to dispose of her 'mistake'? Dont want a baby?, dont have sex!!!	AGAINST
3250	abortion	a description of Partial Birth Abortion from Ask.Com:Specific steps in the most commonly used partial-birth   abortion   procedure, Dilation and Extraction, are: 1. A medical professional induces a breech (feet first) delivery with forceps. 2. Legs, arms and torso of the fetus are delivered (i.e. expelled from the mother). 3. The back of the fetus' skull is punctured with a scissors-like instrument. 4. A suction device is inserted into the skull. 5. The device sunctions out the contents of the fetus' skull, causing the skull to collapse. 6. The lifeless fetus is delivered. Although, as you point out, late-term abortions are not common, they are cited by   pro-life   advocates because of their horrifying nature.  Similarly,   pro-choice   advocates constantly refer to the need to protect the right to an abortion in cases of rape or incest, even though those circumstances account for less than 1% of the abortions.There are not many   doctors   who will perform late-term abortions because it is clear to any reasonable person that you are killing a baby.  There is also a real dispute about what constitutes a threat to the life of the mother sufficient to justify such a terrible act.One of Dr. Tiller's patients recently wrote about the abortion she had at 22-weeks because she developed pre-eclempsia.  Readers then commented that pre-eclempsia can be dealt with by bed rest, so a question arose as to whether the woman had bad medical advice or whether her situation was very unusual.With regard to a threat to the   health   of the fetus, I have never understood that as being a justification for a late-term abortion.  Why not give the child a fighting chance at life, instead of killing him or her in the womb? Another one of Tiller's patients wrote on Andrew Sullivan's blog that she had the late-term abortion because a heart defect had been discovered in her son.  One of the comments on the post was from a pediatric cardiologist, who stated it was outrageous to abort a child due to a heart defect because those infants have excellent chances for survival.  If the mother saw that comment I am sure she will haunted by it for the rest of her life. 	AGAINST
3251	abortion	"Ok, if a mother decided to take   abortion  , does that mean killing a human being? Consider this > I have the right to take the life of a mouse, ants, or even a micro-organism that does not even count(unprotected   animals  ), right? and consider this > so if i do not have the right to take a life of a human being, why is it that im allowed to take the life of a human being partly? for example, some of the person's cells are killed when the person is doing an X-ray test. The same goes if i poked someone lightly. What happened when the egg in the mother's womb is fertilised? Does that mean life? what if somehow i killed the fertilized egg at that particular moment? Does that mean i murdered and therefore i committed a   crime  ? well, what if i killed the sperm and the egg seperately? it's still ending a life. As i mentioned earlier, if i poked someone, it means killing some of his cells. But why is it that it's not a crime? the reason is maybe that it's minor, these cells almost has no benefit to that person and therefore it makes almost no loss. Its not the same if a ran into a man and purposely decapitated his arms. I will be sent to jail. Now lets go back to abortion. If the mother feels that the child only cause trouble for her.(cases such as financial problem, time, etc.) It also means that the   baby   has almost no benefit to the mother. I know, it means ""something"" to the baby. But consider this > if i cloned an animal(which is illegal), the animal's cell/dna or whatever is needed for this. so if i killed it, does it also mean killing some of the animal's cell which has no benefit at all? Every human being has individual rights of their own body. if it is allowed to kill a sperm because the father have the right, and kill an egg because the mother have the right. Surely it is allowed to kill when the egg fertilizes as the parents have the right? "	FAVOR
3252	abortion	Abortion is not killing a human child. When you have your abortion, the fetus has probably not even opened its eyes yet. It isn't a formed child! It is a FETUS. Is it a mistake of the girl if her drink was roofied at a party and she was raped because of it? Only if she dropped the pill into the drink.	FAVOR
3253	abortion	If there is not a majority for either the   pro-life   or pro-choice position, then it does not make sense to say that the fair solution is to allow the government to spend American tax dollars on something which half of the country opposes.  For the pro-life side, legal abortion is an approximate moral equivalent of legal slavery.  (It treats human life as if it were the property of another.)  If one disagrees and believes that a woman's control of her body is so important that it justifies destroying human life, then that person is free to support theses groups by making an individual contributions.  It is absurd to suggest that there is no legislative bias either in favor or in opposition to abortion with the current policy when the current policy effectively compels everyone to underwrite the promotion of abortion.  The MCP was the fair solution.	AGAINST
3254	abortion	"Clear this bitch up, between, shall we?natural medical procedures near the beginning... that would be this.SB(me): More over, I find the claim that we must allow only medical actions that agree with nature to be preposterous considering the whole point of medical advancement has been to thwart nature.i didn't mean that YOU, krk, were making that claim. just that it's A claim. pologies.   however, it does seem to me that you do give a shit if something is ""natural"".  because you, like a lot of people, are saying that it is biological fact that the woman carries the fetus, and that the fetus didn't ""ask"" (so to speak... or rather... not?) to be created.    see the other post for more on that one.~~second claim of ""somewhere in this conversation"" you said that your life was ""less valuable"" than other Americans.  You never said that, or implied that.  here's where i got that from:rkr (that's you, dollface): a nation has a greater   right to life   and all liberty than the soldiers, sailors, Marines, and airmen who sacrifice both for itso what i take that to mean is that your freedom - as part of the military - is less valuable than ""civilians"".  that you make a choice to be in the military doesn't matter at this point.what Did you mean by that statement? ....."	FAVOR
3255	abortion	This is not an argument but supporting evidence of why abortion should be banned. This woman knows first hand what abortion is and what it does. If you are going to argue for abortion you will need to overcome this woman's testimony. But I bet most people will just attack her character falsely.	AGAINST
3256	abortion	"we're saying that the pregnant person should have the option to abort.Then why is your argument tagged ""abortion should be banned""?Also funny to note is that (at this time) your post is the top post on this side!?"	FAVOR
3257	abortion	A woman has the right to decide what happens inside her body.  In the end making it illegal will only punish poor woman, as wealthy woman will always have the option of having an abortion. 	FAVOR
3258	abortion	You make a distinction between conception and implantation? How is the fetus less of a human before implantation. If you argue that there is something that has rights because of a unique combination of genetics, then IUDs and Morning After pills are murder and implantation has no relevance.If, instead, you argue that implantation is the important event, then I would wonder, why not some other event in development? Gastrulation is a miracle, so is the rearrangement of the MHC complex (where the fetus defines what is self and what is other). How about a heart beat or a first breath. They all seem like equally momentous events in the creation of a new human being.	FAVOR
3259	abortion	One more thing: As shown by all the different opinions tehre are in the   pro-choice   side about when does personhood begins -wich is a contraddiction in itself: personhood cannot begin because it is something that appears and develop througout time- there is a certainty that some of these concepts of personhood are wrong because this would mean that we cannot abide to a universal concept of man wich is the base of all our laws and is written in the UDHR. This means that as long as we accept   abortion   there is a certainty that we are killing at least some humans persons that because of someone's personal belief was not considered such. I cannot accept that we can't turn personal belief into law, but we can allow all kinds of contradictory personal beliefs to surely kill some innocent human persons.	AGAINST
3260	abortion	I agree, go back and look at the record of Congress under Bush; it's record is shameful. If Bush couldn't get appointees even voted on; How could he possible address such a controversial subject as abortion?	AGAINST
3261	abortion	May I suggest a dictionary definition for personhood?The specific term seems to be lacking in mine, however, the great thing about english is that I can use its root to understand its meaning.Therefore, I submit, the definition of personhood, based on the definition of person, according to the Langenscheidt's New College Merriam-Webster English Dictionary is: Person, n, 1: Human individual.Personhood: the quality of being a human individual.	FAVOR
3262	abortion	I agree with all the above. Abortion is a personal issue and i'm certain women don't choose it lightly for a multitude of reasons. But it remains a personal issue, that only the woman and her doctor can truly understand. Since almost every circumstance is unique no specific rule can be fairly applied that would limit against abortion. The forces that are against abortion do not speak for all of society nor does all of society believe or follow the full teachings of those forces and thus society shouldn't be constrained by rules and regulations that only that select force supports. A woman should not be forced to risk a great deterioration of her health, living standard, or life because some group of people believe that abortions are morally wrong. If she is forced to be obligated by this select group then how is she a free person?	FAVOR
3263	abortion	So   abortion   is okay in areas where more people like it than don't? 	FAVOR
3264	abortion	Cannot be committed against a dead person. A dead body has no rights whatsoever. Legally, it has some PROTECTIONS, but protections do not equate to rights. THese protections are both a) sort of new, and b) not generalizable towards all corpses.Define development. Everything develops into something else. Corpses have stages of development. If you're defining life as a single-celled organism with a unique genetic code, corpses have a lot of those.	FAVOR
3265	abortion	It is a degradation to you, perhaps. Others believe differently. Why should we legislate based on your moral beliefs? Let's face it, unmarried people have impulses, desires, etc. They are going to act on it. Wouldn't you rather they have the tools to prevent pregnancy than not have them? Perhaps I should have been more specific in my example. A baby grows inside of you. So technically, it is a part of you. A part of your body. You are not obliged to see it to term if you choose not to. This is why a ban on abortion would fail. We should reduce the number of abortions because it's a very heartbreaking decision for a woman to come to. No woman comes to it lightly. When someone decides to end the life inside her, it is because she knows that it is a better choice than condemning the chiild to a lifetime of unhappiness. Some come to it because they know they cannot overcome an addiction and thus cannot bring a healthy child to term. Others because they know they cannot financially support the child. Others because they live in abusive homes that they don't want to subject a child to. Whatever the reason, it's certainly not an easy choice to make. So providing resources for these women such as education and contraception, can make a world of difference. As for your last argument, what substantiates your claim? From the University of California study on abstinence only and comprehensive sex education: Behavior research cannot make judgments about social values, but it can evaluate the success of school-based curricula at producing tangible outcomes for young people. The weight of the evidence from peer-reviewed scientific journals clearly shows that some comprehensive sex education programs can reduce behavior that puts young people at risk of HIV, STIs and unintended pregnancy, and that these programs do not promote earlier onset of sexual activity or an increased number of sexual partners among adolescents. By contrast, little if any credible research exists to substantiate the claims that abstinence-only programming leads to positive behavior change among youth.The credible research sends a clear message to policy makers: if the goal of school-based sex education is to increase positive health outcomes for youth, comprehensive (or Ã’abstinence- plusÃ“) sex education is the proven effective choice. Abstinence-only programming runs the serious risk of leaving young people, especially those at elevated risk, uninformed and alienated.	FAVOR
3266	abortion	If not, I've got nothing. You're going to have to give me a link.And I'm a poli sci student.	FAVOR
3267	abortion	"Pregnancy detection methods and first term abortion options may also be sufficient provisions to women of the means to ""choose"" to determine the future of their bodies. If the above prevention methods fail, there are many other means made widely available to women, which can enable them to determine that they are pregnant in the first trimester. As such, these measures may provide women with sufficient means to make a responsible ""choice"" to abort in the first trimester, instead of opting for a late-term abortion such as a partial birth abortion. It is arguable that a government should not be responsible for providing additional measures to a woman, and that any woman that misses these provisions has acted irresponsibly or negligently, and subsequently may not deserve further, later options, such as partial birth abortion."	AGAINST
3268	abortion	We pull the plug when the EEG is flat... so why not use the same for a fetus?	FAVOR
3269	abortion	This is excellent. Saint Thomas used the concept of substance and accidents to explain this phenomenon. These are Philosophic concepts not   religious  .The analogy with the fetus is clear: the substance is that a fetus is a human being. the accident is that a fetus in a determined moment is more or less developed, but these are differences in accidents never of substance or kind.As you can see the belief that a fetus is a human being are justified by the same philosophic concepts used to explain the transubstantiation. No   religion   there.	AGAINST
3270	abortion	I am for   abortion   rights, although I believe that men should not really have any say in whether or not abortion is legal or not, because it is never going to affect men, it doesn't really matter if a man wants a woman to have the right to have a abortion or not, the idea is ridiculous to me, its as if  your having people in Lichtenstein vote on who the president of the United States should be. It simply doesn't make sense!	FAVOR
3271	abortion	"Why do you fail to realize that your criteria is just as arbitrary and nonfundamental?  Intact dilation and extraction, to use a term you might find acceptable, and thus worthy of debate, does involve the fetus passing through the birth canal.  If ""a physician pulling a fetus out of the birth canal does not constitute a birth,"" then what does?  Are babies born by induced labor not people, then?  What about those rare times in which the subject survives intact dilation and extraction?  Are they still fetuses, though they are still alive and clearly outside of the womb?  In your previous post, you have once again proclaimed without any justification that these cases will not be considered, but that's not good enough.  This is a debate, and you must give counter-arguments against arguments brought to bear, or admit defeat. "	AGAINST
3272	abortion	"First, a minor correction. I should have stated, ""...the whole organism becoming *capable of being* metaphysically independent.""Metaphysical independence is a requirement for any rational concept of ""personhood,"" yes. Siamese twins ARE metaphysically independent. If you do not know what metaphysical means, and the prefix ""meta"" does not clue you in, that is not my problem. I can tell you it has nothing to do with umbilical cord status.You keep using an invalid approach, intrinsicism, to make your point, claiming that value resides IN this or that part (arms, fingers, heartbeats, DNA, etc.). But value is objective; it is not intrinsic to anything. You do anything and everything but look at what a fetus IS, what IT is, in its totality, its actual nature, as an entity. I cannot force you to think in rational terms, but don't expect me to say that just because you are arguing something, maybe you have a point. You don't.In fact, your argument about medical technology only STRENGTHENS my argument and weakens your own. In a Cesarean section, the doctor has determined in THAT PARTICULAR CASE that the fetus is survivable with a certain level of medical support AT THE POINT when the operation is scheduled. In other words, it is objective: The values of the mother, needs of the offspring, and medical capabilities meet at that point.Now, except in exotic, borderline, and abnormal cases, when is a fetus fully formed, capable of functioning autonomously and being metaphysically independent? At birth. Nature makes it so. The burden of proof would be on you in any particular case to prove otherwise. Can you predict when it will be ""5 seconds before birth"" for a given fetus? No? The rational, objective standard is birth.In a premature birth where the baby is kept alive with medical support, it is only alive because it is receiving medical support, which by definition a pregnant woman seeking an abortion does not want to provide to the fetus. What medical technology can do for a fetus, however, is irrelevant. What is relevant is WHAT A FETUS IS. It is absurd and atrocious to suggest that a woman should have to carry a pregnancy because if she did remove the fetus from her body and did provide medical rescue which she by definition is unwilling to provide, it will be a baby at that point. Potential beings have no rights over actual beings, not in any valid ethical or political system.And to repeat, an abortion is not a birth. In an abortion, a fetus is terminated and removed, or partially removed and terminated. Order does not matter; it is a fetus. There is no intrinsic value to ""out of the birth canal."" It happens during abortions, and it happens during births. So?I do not see how any of the other points in your post, e.g., miscarriages, relate to anything or argue for anything. But since you insist on going all the way through all possible exotic, borderline, and abnormal cases, let's go the other way and discuss how a fertilized egg is a human being entitled to individual rights, if you are as interested in getting to the truth as you claim. Still waiting for that evidence that a fertilized egg has a soul."	FAVOR
3273	abortion	"The fetus can feel pain, thus making the processes used in partial birth abortion barbarous. There is little doubt among doctors and others that the fetus experiences pain during a partial birth abortion procedure."	AGAINST
3274	abortion	"This is an issue of individual rights. However, a woman does not have the right to terminate a life, regardless of whether it is inside her body or not. The fetus also has a natural right, to life. If this is not so, then the mother does not have a natural right to life either. One cannot say one human being has more of a right to life than another. What makes this even worse is we all have a right to make our own choices. The mother who terminates her pregnancy had a host of choices that would have prevented the pregnancy, the fetus never had a choice. The fetus' choice is made for them. This is a form of tyranny, as the voiceless does not is not given a choice of freedom.Denying a woman an   abortion   is not to deny her an individual right. She does not have the right to terminate her pregnancy and destroy human life, it is a choice not a right. She has a right to make choices, choices that would have prevented the pregnancy.You are right, she is free to live as she chooses. However as Rand said, ""a private individual is legally free to take any action he pleases (so long as he does not violate the rights of others)"".Abortion is an example of the lack of individual responsibility that is being bred into our culture. We have all these rights and don't want the responsibility that comes with exercising them. When the ultimate individual responsibility we will ever have (to that of our offspring) can be neglected and the decision made which leads to this can be accepted with no recourse, our society is degenerating. Creating life (reproduction) is the ultimate gift that has been given to all living things and to demean that gift and take it for granted can do nothing but harm. Abortion is morally wrong, biologically wrong, ethically wrong, and violates all natural rights humans have been endowed with. It is truly one of the largest violation of human rights the world has ever seen and since the abortion movement (Planned Parenthood) systematically targets poor minorities, I would claim it is borderline genocide.     "	AGAINST
3275	abortion	"Ã’For You created my inmost being;You knit me together in my mother's womb. I praise You because I am fearfully and wonderfully made; Your works are wonderful, I know that full well. My frame was not hidden from You when I was made in a secret place. When I was woven together in the depths of the earth, Your eyes saw my unformed body. All the days ordained for me were written in Your book before one of them came to be.Ã“ Psalm 139:13-16. God created you, He created me, and He has created everybody. Life is a gift. Nobody has a right to take away that gift. Life starts at conception. Mother Teresa said ""What is taking place in America is a war against the child Ã‰ And if we accept that the mother can kill her own child, how can we tell other people not to kill one another."" This war against the child is abortion. If I tell a pregnant woman she can kill her baby, why can't I tell a man that it is alright to murder a three year-old. What is the difference between killing a baby nine weeks after conception and murdering a child nine weeks after birth? During the Holocaust, approximately 11 million people were killed between 1933 till 1945. These people include Jews, homosexuals, Slavics (Russians, Poles, and others), Gypsies, mentally and physically disabled, Communists, Socialists, Jehovah's Witnesses, and Christians found helping the targeted people. That was fifty years ago and today Hitler and the Nazis are known as criminals and mass murderers. But why are the doctors who perform abortions not called criminals or mass murderers? From 1973 to 2005, over 46 million abortions have been performed. This is much higher death rate than from the Holocaust. For abortion the approximate death rate is 1.4 million babies each year. The approximate death rate for the Holocaust, however, is about 917 thousand people a year. The Nazis targeted the people they did because they believed they were inferior to themselves. Women who have abortions kill their babies because they believe that they are superior to these children. To this day, Germans have collective shame because of what the Nazis did, even though they did nothing to help. In fifty years will Americans have collective shame because so many abortions were performed? Will Americans be known as mass murderers and criminals?  Dr. Richard Land, president of The Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission,said ""We lose more babies through abortion every year than the total fatalities in all of the wars in which we have ever participated, commencing with the French and Indian War and including the Revolutionary War, the War of 1812, the Civil War, the Spanish-American War, World War I, World War II, Korea, Vietnam, Gulf War I, and Gulf War II.Ã“ In 2005 1.2 million abortions were performed. Even though this number is the lowest since 1974, this is still too many abortions. Every twenty seconds a child is aborted. Fifty-six percent of women who have abortions are in their twenties and sixty-one percent of women who have abortions have one or more children. According to Guttmacher Institute, the reasons women give for having an abortion underscore their understanding of the responsibilities of parenthood and family life. Three-fourths of women cite concern for or responsibility to other individuals; three-fourths say they cannot afford a child; three-fourths say that having a baby would interfere with work, school or the ability to care for dependents; and half say they do not want to be a single parent or are having problems with their husband or partner. Many pro-choice posters say Ã’My Body. My Right.Ã“ Woman don't take into consideration that their decision to have an abortion affects not only their body, but the unborn babies. Jeremiah 1:5 says ""Before I formed you in the womb I knew you, before you were born I set you apart.Ã“ The Lord knew you, even before conception!  Women who have abortions are only thinking about themselves. What have they forgotten? Have not considered that this baby is a living person? Three weeks after conception a baby has a heartbeat and at four and a half months she can experience pain. By nine weeks, he has begun to develop blood vessels, eyes, lungs, ears, arms, legs, mouth, nose, the color of his eyes, fingers, toes, brain, joints, teeth, spinal cord, nervous system, and facial muscles. He can also hiccup frown, squint, turn his head, touch his face, breath (without air), stretch, and yawn. He is well proportioned, about the size of a thumb, and every organ is present. Exodus 21: 22-25 says Ã’If men who are fighting hit a pregnant woman and she gives birth prematurely but there is no serious injury, the offender must be fined whatever the woman's husband demands and the court allows. But if there is serious injury, you are to take life for life, eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot, burn for burn, wound for wound, bruise for bruise.Ã“ But instead of condemning women who have made this choice, we should come to them with compassion, offering them help. After a woman has an abortion, her initial response in most cases is a feeling of relief. Then, with repression and denial, she avoids the problem, usually for years Ã‘5 years is common, 10 or 20 not unusual. Guilt, regret, remorse, shame, lowered self-esteem, dreams and nightmares, flash-backs, anniversary reactions, hostility toward men, crying, despair, and even suicide attempts are symptoms of Post-Abortion Syndrome. Many women turn to drugs and alcohol as a way of masking the pain. Anniversary reactions are an increase in symptoms around the time of the anniversary of the abortion, the due date of the aborted child, or both. We should also inform women who are considering abortion about the procedure and effects of abortion and other options such as adoption. Crisis Pregnancy Centers can be found in most metropolitan areas. Many Crisis Pregnancy Centers in Illinois metropolitan areas offer pregnancy tests, ultrasound services, adoption plans, parenting education, clothing rooms, and post-abortion help. According to Hope Pregnancy Ministries ninety percent of abortion-minded women choose life after seeing their ultrasound. Luke 1:42-44 says Ã’In a loud voice Elizabeth exclaimed: ""Blessed are you among women, and blessed is the child you will bear! But why am I so favored, that the mother of my Lord should come to me? As soon as the sound of your greeting reached my ears, the baby in my womb leaped for joy.Ã“ When Mary enters Elizabeth's house, John, an unborn baby, leaps for joy because he is in the presence of the Christ, another unborn baby. Dr. James I. Lamb, executive director of Lutherans For Life, said Ã’Both Mary and Elizabeth experienced an Ã”unplannedÃ• pregnancy. Both their babies were still in their wombs. Both trusted God in seemingly impossible situations."" That the Christ would become a baby shows just how sacred life is."	AGAINST
3276	abortion	As a pro-choice advocate, I have no reason to support the other side.	FAVOR
3277	abortion	"It is simply your opinion that a new member of the species is created at conception. The issue is not that cut and dry. Genes are important, but they only do part of the job of creating a person. There is nothing inherently special about a new combination of genes, that is not what makes us who we are. Yes, a fetus is alive, and   abortion   is the end of that life. If you think war is sometimes justified then I don't see how this is ""the issue here."" I would never argue that abortion is a good thing. It is sometimes the lesser of two evils."	FAVOR
3278	abortion	Abosolutely no, abortion is also killing and i don't think it should be made legal.Even though it is used for some reason, a life is at stake.When abortion occurs for no reason, it is considered as murder.But if the foetus or baby implicate the mother's life, it''s up to the mother and father decision.	AGAINST
3279	abortion	Here is a link to a site with all the major polls from news agencies and polling entities.    You find that the majority of people do not share your views. 	FAVOR
3280	abortion	There is a name for that it's called Anarchy and every society that embraces it collapses.	AGAINST
3281	abortion	Even if you were raped it still the killing of a living human being...still wrong.	AGAINST
3282	abortion	because abortion being illegal is about as useful as making masterbation illegal,And sure as hell there will be a huge outrage if that would ever happen. Either that or the government would become a laughing stock. (;	FAVOR
3283	abortion	How do you justify killing animals for food or clothing? We are sufficiently advanced in our technology and knowledge such that it is not necessary for survival. While I do indeed believe that one that has greater cognitive powers has greater inherent value, that does not mean one with lower cognitive powers should be sacrificed for the former's pleasure, only for the former's need. As such, I will eat meat under certain situations where I feel it is merited by need or a sufficient advantage to myself, but I am otherwise vegetarian.As to your view that God created all and instilled truth, how does that square with the vastly differing views on what that truth is? Any common morality can be explained using game theory. That is, either it is immoral to do to others what you wouldn't want done to you, or more broadly that which is wrong is so because of the negative impact on the society.	FAVOR
3284	abortion	Betty, your argument dismisses the fact that the unborn fetus is a separate life entity. The decision to have an   abortion   is a decision to terminate not the mother's life but the life of the fetus within. You are arguing for the right to terminate someone else's life.With that said, there are many reasons why a pregnancy should not continue. Certainly when the health of the mother is at risk is one of them. If the pregnancy is as a result of rape or incest is another. And finally, like it or not, sometimes accidents happen.The problem society has is it can't seem to understand the concept of compromise. It's always an all or nothing deal. Either we don't allow abortions at all, or we allow abortion at any stage of development for any reason. But I truly believe the answer is one of compromise. During the first trimester abortion should be universally allowed. During the third trimester abortion should only be allowed to protect the health of the baby. Abortions during the second trimester should be allowed, but should be somewhat restricted (i.e., perhaps require the father's permission, or require counseling first.. something that forces the decision to be carefully reviewed, but still allow for it).It is a slippery slope, and finding the right balance is not easy. I, for one, would never ask a rape victim to carry the results of that rape. But I can never done legalizing the murder of a baby that is, in most cases, viable outside the womb.	FAVOR
3285	abortion	Intent.  A person can naturally have a heart attack and die.  A person can also die from a heart attack induced by someone spiking their drink with an overdose of amphetamines.  The two events are not morally equivalent. 	AGAINST
3286	abortion	"The question is not about person-hood, but humanity and that is genetically verifiable. Answer the question, what kind of being is it? Everything else is superfluous.And just so you know what side you stand on; your argument is similar to those who supported slavery, they are not full persons and therefore have no rights under the law.So let me qoute you using the word slavery in place of fetus and maybe you can see where you went wrongNothing about the right to slavery is unconstitutional, because (get ready for it): a slave is not a person.Never in the history of U.S. law has a slave been a ""person,"" and a slave is not a ""person"" under the law of Britain either. A slave is property and therefore one can do with it as one sees fit."	AGAINST
3287	abortion	Wrong!!! ;]	AGAINST
3288	abortion	Have you ever seen an ultrasound?Have you ever seen a desperate teen change her mind to have an abortion after seeing her ultrasound?Have you seen a 3-D ultrasound?All these moments are life changing!	AGAINST
3289	abortion	"Adoption does not spare a women the pains/risks of childbirth. One of the main reasons that an abortion makes sense is that it spares women of the pains and risks of child-birth. Adoption does not spare women of these pains and risks, and so fails to address a central rationale underlying abortion.  "	FAVOR
3290	abortion	Killing a human is murder. Murder is illegal. Therefore, because abortion is killing a human, abortion should be illegal.	AGAINST
3291	abortion	"What right does anyone have to deprive another of life on the grounds that they deem that life as not worth living? This arrogant and sinister presumption is impossible to justify, given that many people with disabilities lead fulfilling lives. What disabilities would be regarded as the water-shed between life and termination? The practise of eugenics is roundly condemned by all civilised countries."	AGAINST
3292	abortion	" Uncertainty over whether fetuses are ""life"" should halt abortions. There are strong arguments in favor of fetuses being life from conception and some strong arguments against. At a minimum, uncertainty about the ""truth"" should cause us to place a moratorium on abortions until we figure it out."	AGAINST
3293	abortion	I am sorry your friend had to deal with such a terrible situation.  Even if Roe v. Wade was overturned, I do not think any states would pass a   law   that precluded   abortion   in the case of rape.  There seems to be a strong majority in favor of that exception remaining.Some women have decided to have the baby after a rape.  I remember reading awhile back about a mother who was trying to figure out how to explain to her daughter that the daughter was the result of a rape.  I think she decided in the end to tell the daughter that the best thing in her life came out of the worst day of her life.	AGAINST
3294	abortion	"Wow - the vote option of this web site shows something like 70% pro-abhortion.I'm shocked and sad.As for myself, I seem to be in the minority and agree with Mother Thersa (although I am not Catholic).  She said:""It is a poverty to decide that a child must die so that you may live as you wish."""	AGAINST
3295	abortion	  Viability means, fully formed, all the  functional organs in operation. Some viable infants may need incubators. Sometimes, after all, some adults need artificial life support .    This as all definitions, can be, hair split down to the nth degree. That is what happens in courts of law.   So if we're looking for some magic bullet, definition. That fits all possible situations. Are search is in vain. 	FAVOR
3296	abortion	"""Guess what? I'm an Atheist! I'm against   abortion   because I believe that it's wrong to take a human life period. I'm also against the death penalty. As a person with a degree in Biology I realize that Human life begins at conception.""In other words, one human being can coerce another human being to provide services for them, regardless of whether the other human being (providing the services) consented to this contract of sorts?"	FAVOR
3297	abortion	"It is for legal purposes, not moral purposes.  The unborn child is always considered an innocent life, and the hope would be that the mother would recognize that (there was recent story in Slate about a woman who was looking for a way to explain to her 10-year old daughter that she was the result of a rape, so it does happen).A rougher version of this approach is presented by Liam Neeson in the movie ""Rob Roy"", where Jessica Lange, playing his wife, tells him that she is pregnant and the baby is probably that of a British officer who raped her.  She asks if he wants her to abort the baby and he replies, ""It is not the baby that need killing.""In the absence of the mother's decision to accept the new life, even most Catholics, like myself, would not pursue passage of a law that required the mother to have the baby. "	AGAINST
3298	abortion	"""I am Catholic and I believe that all human life is sacred whether it is one day old baby or an 80 year old man.""Okay first of all we are talking about laws so your religion is irrelevant don't even say the words Catholic, god, or sacred in a debate about laws or you are automatically incorrect. Just bear with me for a moment I see I have to hold your hand to get you see this.I understand you think life is really important. I agree. But let's play along with this hypothetical situation just for a moment. You are a fire fighter. You are in a burning building and you have evacuated everyone but an 80 year old feeble man and a child. You are the last fire fighter in the building and the building is moments from coming down. You know you cannot come back for a second trip. Do you choose to save one and leave the other to die?"	FAVOR
3299	abortion	"Let's face it: life began millions of years ago, and has continued more-or-less uninterrupted since then. Individual organisms succeed one another within the continuity of life, building on the genetic inheritance from their parents, and at some point these organisms began studying biology and philosophy and invented   religion  .A sperm is a living entity, and therefore a life form, as is an egg, and as is any cell in our body. But we prefer to think of only entire complex organisms as living entities, and individual cells as just a part of a living thing. So when we ask the question ""when does life begin?"" we're not referring to the event millions of years ago. We are not referring to the beginning of life in general, but to the beginning of a particular living organism, or person. And it's tempting to answer that a person begins to exist when a sperm and egg unite, because this is when a unique genetic combination first takes shape. But there's a problem with that notion, because it's just a single cell at that point, not a complete organism. Is there really a ""person"" there? Or just a human body cell? That rudimentary cell has no brain, no mind, no consciousness of its existence, can feel no pain or joy, and has no more claim to real personhood than any cell in my body. Except that it has the potential of developing into a person. So it's a potential person. But does that make it a person? Or just a potential future person? What is a person, anyway? Well, I know what a person is. I can distinguish a person from a dog or a hampster. I also recognize a newborn baby as a person, even though it doesn't yet speak a language I know. But a single, mindless, almost-microscopic spherical cell that has none of the attributes of a person? That's   stretching   things. I'd rather wait until it has a brain and a consciousness and an ability to feel pain and pleasure and know that it exists before I call it a person.Ah! But is it true that this single cell has no attributes of a real person? Some would argue that it has a soul, implanted by God himself, just like an adult human being! And that's what makes it different from a skin cell. That's what makes it a real human being, not just a part of a human being. It has a soul!But does it? That's a religious belief, not supported by scientific evidence. And even our concept of a soul is difficult to distinguish from our concept of our mind, except that the soul is supposed to live forever, whereas the mind dies when the brain dies. But the soul is supposed to retain all the memories of the mind, we're told, and to succeed the mind as our own identity after our body dies. Is all that true? Or could the soul really be just the mind, but with the added attribute of eternal life? Do we even know that there is eternal life? The Bible says so, but it was written by people who thought the earth was flat and the center of the universe. Oh, I forgot. God wrote the Bible by manipulating the hands of the authors. So everything in the Bible is absolute truth. Or is it? OK, let's come back to the real issue. Should we send a woman to prison because she interrupted the development of a single parasitic cell in her body that might otherwise have become a person someday? Or was it already a person? I think that depends upon whether it had a soul. If it didn't, it was just another mindless cell that might have developed into a human being some day, as might any developing egg or any sperm. And the issue of a soul is purely a religious issue. If we rely upon the unsubstantiated religious beliefs of certain people to imprison women who take command of the   health   of their own bodies by refusing to submit to the growth of an unwelcome, mindless parasitic cell and a following eighteen-year sentence of parenthood, then what kind of   society   have we become? The objection to the   abortion   of a mindless cell is based upon the purely religious speculation that that cell has a soul implanted by a god. But even if you believe in a god and a soul, how do you know when that god sticks the soul into the body? That's pure speculation. We don't send people to prison for violating speculative religious beliefs, especially if they don't personally believe them. This is a   democracy  , for God's sake, not a cruel theocratic totalitarian regime like Iran. If you don't like a democracy, go to Iran. You'll be better off, and so will we."	FAVOR
3300	abortion	"An abortion kills innocents; capital punishment kills the guilty There is no contradiction between opposing abortions and supporting capital punishment, as many conservatives do. An abortion involves killing an innocent fetus, whereas capital punishment involves killing a guilty, terrible human being. One involves killing an unborn baby with the potential to contribute positively to society, the other kills a human being that has demonstrated themselves unfit to live in society. The real inconsistency is in supporting abortion while opposing capital punishment."	AGAINST
3301	abortion	Life has been around since the first organisms on this planet have been here but it continues.  Your mother and father were alive when their living sperm and egg met and made your living embryo.  No one cries for the lives of the other billion sperm.  However meaningful life begins when people give it value.  If we were to give all life value at conception smoking by or in the presence of any woman of childbearing age should be attempted murder because it has the ability to end the life of a new embryo.  Without omnipotence however we don't know how many 'lives' have ended before we ever knew they existed.With all of that I believe MEANINGFUL LIFE does not begin until much after conception.	FAVOR
3302	abortion	Since we have arrived at a peaceful place, perhaps you can help me with something. Why are exceptions made for rape? I understand why I feel it is justified, but when I read the arguments of people here I don't understand the exception from the 'anti-  abortion  ' perspective. If I may attempt to restate the position: the fetus is an innocent human being that should be protected. How is that changed by the circumstances of rape? It's not the fetus's fault. Isn't the rape exception an instance of including the emotional health of the mother in the decision?	FAVOR
3303	abortion	That is not what I said. I was trying to say Abortion can be very risky so women should think about that before they get the abortion.	AGAINST
3304	abortion	Odd, that in our bad economy that we can't find money for alot of things but we can find money to kill children. That money has been stored since Bush did the right thing 8 years ago. That money should have gone to things like homlessness or how about the foster care system. 	AGAINST
3305	abortion	Nowadays,Catholics can do whatever they wish in good conscience.  At least this is what they choose to believe.  This is not what the Catholic Church, established 2009 years ago, believes or teaches, however.  The rules were set down by the author of life and death, and to my knowledge, they are still in force.  Jiminy Cricket misled many of us, and we need to forget that little bug's   teaching   about 'always let your conscience be your guide.'  Our conscience can mislead us.  It's wise to always let the Catechism of the Catholic Church be our guide if we care about pleasing our Lord and preserving our immortal souls.  And certainly, don't let the current   society   trends be our guide.  That's just plain foolish.  Try to imagine how many trends have come and gone in 2009 years.  What if the Church made silly changes to accomodate these trends every time one came along?  Be thankful the Church stands firm on God's laws and obey them.  Enjoy the treasures of the Church.  We have them in abundance.  Pray for all our brothers and sisters of other faiths.  We are all one family in His eyes.	AGAINST
3306	abortion	Too many times hospital ER's (usually Catholic) refuse to give woman the information that they can take the 'morning after' pill or pharmacists refuse to give them out because it's 'against their religion'.  Hence the rape victim must then resort to the medical procedure.	FAVOR
3307	abortion	"If abortion in self-defense is OK, a fetus cannot have a general right to life Opponents of abortion often argue that a fetus has an inviolable right to life. Yet, it is easy to demonstrate that this is not the case. It is always permissible to take a life in self-defense. This principle can be applied to abortion. And, importantly, it also demonstrates that there is no such thing as an ""inviolable right to life"". There are always conditional exceptions. So, if we can show that the conditions are appropriate (even beyond self-defense), an abortion can be justified, even if it is ""killing"".  "	FAVOR
3308	abortion	I believe that life occurrs at conception. That is what I believe. You can believe something different and will respect that.	AGAINST
3309	abortion	I was pro-choice for many years, ever since I knew what abortion was. As much as I hate to admit to being wrong, I was definitely wrong on my stance on abortion. The horrors of the procedure are real, and the results are absolutely devastating. Just look at pictures of aborted fetuses with their arms and heads chopped off. It's truly a disgusting thing. We also now know that these fetuses can indeed feel pain, therefore it is a very abrupt, painful death to an unborn child. Most women who have them regret their decision. For all you know you might have just aborted the person who found the cure for cancer or diabetes. However, we'll never know as they didn't get a chance. Abortion is unethical and those who perform them are murderers. 	AGAINST
3310	abortion	" The US Constitution does not explicitly confer a right to abortion Byron White, U.S. Supreme Court, one of two dissenters in Roe v. Wade, (January 22, 1973) - ""I find nothing in the language or history of the Constitution to support the court's judgment. The court simply fashions and announces a new constitutional right for pregnant mothers and, with scarcely any reason or authority for its action, invests that right with sufficient substance to override most existing state abortion statutes.""[36]"	AGAINST
3311	abortion	"I'm not sure how you got the idea that animals and fetuses don't have rights.  They do.  And whether you like it or not, animals in this country have MORE rights than do fetuses (or children as some like to call them).So I ask: When does a fetus become a person?  When it is 100% out of the womb?  Can you kill it (as some do) 3/4 out or leave it to die in a utility closet by inducing early labor?  Isn't this a moral question that should be taken with more gravity than dismissing it as a non-person to secure a woman's ""right"" to choose her convenience over responsibility for two peoples' actions in most cases?"	AGAINST
3312	abortion	Friday, post your argument as an argument rather than the debate description, so people can Favor/Opppose and Vote Up/Down.If you want to call all abortion murder, then fine, it's all murder. So are executions, euthanasia, and stepping on snails. If a fetus is undeveloped enough to not even have consciousness, then killing it is just fine by me. The world's overpopulated enough as it is. The people who want to abort their child but can't-- how well do you think they'll treat it once it's alive? Not to mention the fact that those who are barred from getting an abortion will just go and find a place to get one anyway. Usually somewhere far less safe than a hospital. The war on abortion is just as misguided as the war on drugs for this reason.	FAVOR
3313	abortion	"okay.  either you didn't read it, or you don't understand it.  that's okay.   there's nothing wrong with you if you didn't.  ""you can do what you want with your body, it's when you affect someone else'se body that there's a problem; and a fetus is another body""so you've just said that there's a problem with a fetus affects another person's body.   that's the whole point.   there's a problem when a woman is forced to be affected by another person in a way she does not want.     so the fetus can do what it wants with its body, but if the woman is ill-affected and does not want to be affected at all she has the right to terminate the ""relationship"".and, you great reader, you, i've never said a fetus is part of a woman's body.  duhr.  it's IN her body and is essentially sucking her life and using HER as a means of living.  it does not matter if the fetus will live or die, but you cannot -- through use of   law   -- force a woman to be enslaved to the wants/needs of a another person.   if you force a person to do so, it is slavery.   i don't expect people to sift through hours worth of reading to find a solution, but there is a very simple one:if the fetus is determined to be viable: meaning the life could be sustained without the use of the womb, instead of an ""  abortion  "" the fetus is simply removed via c-section.   the only cost to the woman should be that comparable of an abortion until the 7th month of   pregnancy  .  at which point - the woman is being a complete douche-bag and should have to pay for the full cost of  HER treatment... but NEVER for the cost of the fetus (which is now a full-fledged baby), since she does not want the baby.    that will be covered by the state.   much like what happens when women have   children   now who don't want them, and couldn't afford them anyway... but were just ""moral"" enough to punish both our tax system and the child by giving birth and keeping it."	FAVOR
3314	abortion	What species is the embryo created by two homo sapiens?	AGAINST
3315	abortion	why did this have a down vote atom bomb dropped on it?	AGAINST
3316	abortion	"In your sense the potential for life is in everything, it is everywhere.  I actually agree - when a man and a woman think, ""child"", right then is when the child comes into being, even in the absolute physical sense.  This is because the physical as well as the metaphysical potentialities are present, all that remains is the act of consummation, which can either take place organically, or in a test tube.  When a man and a woman together think ""child"", but cannot bear one, that is true death of the unborn."	FAVOR
3317	abortion	It's much cheaper for the state to pay for a woman to abort a child she cannot afford than for the state to pay for that child through its entire life. Forcing women to carry   children   to term, especially when they don't have the means or desire to raise the child is good for no one, not least the child.   Children born to mothers without the means to take care of them are more likely to be abused, uneducated, unhealthy, do drugs, commit crimes, etc.  In the book Freaknomics, the authors discuss the fact that   crime   rates inexplicably plummeted about two decades after Roe vs. Wade; they argue that this is because many poor women chose to abort their children rather than have them, resulting in fewer criminals 20 years on.  	AGAINST
3318	abortion	"""I have simply seen no argument that comes close to proper justification for the taking the life of a innocent human being.""So a thirteen year old girl gets raped, and you're saying that the govenrment have the right to force that girl to keep her unwanted baby? I would imagine the girl would never really bond with her baby, and the child would have to grow up knowing of its conception and live with the knowledge that it was not wanted. Surely that is justification enough? That is not a life anyone would want, and surely aborting that baby in its early stages of development would be the better thing to do.Also, think of the number of children that would end up in care if abortion was banned. There are enough of them already, the banning of abortion would most definately increase this number, and the more children in care, the lower the quality would become. Where would they get the money to look after so many children? Our taxes? It would get rediculous, and there would be a lot of children out there wishing they had never been born.I do realise that there are problems with abortion, for example, the amount of people who have unsafe sex because they know they can either take the morning after pill or have an abortion is rediculous. But, I'd like to know that if the contraception i was using didn't work and I fell pregnant through no fault of my own, I would be very happy that I have the option to have an abortion. Also, when do you begin to class a fetus as a human? I personally would not think of it as a human untill about 12 weeks. It doesnt even enter the fetal stage untill the 11th week, surely abortion before this stage is not inhumane? If there was a contraception out there that was 100% effective, then this would be a more valid arguement. I'm young, and have dreams and aspirations that I could never fulfill if I became pregnant. If contraception can't garrentee that i won't get pregnant, I definately want the choice to have an abortion if i needed one. You're view seems to be very black and white, and you seem to dismiss the huge grey area that exists. Abortion exists for a reason and should not be banned"	FAVOR
3319	abortion	One could look at the womb as an organic life support system.  If someone is alive, but needs mechanical aid to breath, then taking that away would be murder.  One could reason that the same would be true if it were non-mechanical.  On the other hand, if someone needed life support, and they were in the process of trying to get it from you without your consent, then denying it would probably not be murder.  If it did not pose a hardship to provide the aid, then it might be depraved indeifference to human life, but if it did impose a hardship it might not even be that.	AGAINST
3320	abortion	1. Dead bodies kind of have rights: there is homocide with barbarity and cruelty.2. I said stages of development, not stages. I said from conception to death. When someone dies it doesn't develop anymore, it's body starts decaying.	AGAINST
3321	abortion	Abortion should definitely banned except when the mothers life may be at risk. In any other situation, there are plenty of other options such as adoption.	AGAINST
3322	abortion	"Abortion deprives couples that want to adopt of a potential child. There are many infertile couples around the world or people that would simply like to adopt children. Abortion deprives these people of a child."	AGAINST
3323	abortion	"""I would place life before liberty, and would rather risk denying someone a freedom they should have had to try and save someone's life than deny someone a life they should have had to try and save someone's freedom.""which is odd, you being a military man.    we've argued this before... but now that i know you're pre-military, it has all the more meaning.  how can you be going into such a position where liberty is extended over life?  give me liberty or give me death.freedom isn't free.a thousand other cliches....     life without liberty is a poor, sad life.   not much of a life at all."	FAVOR
3324	abortion	Is it unethical and immoral to impose a fact based on scientific evidence! Non so blind as those who have eyes but cannot see.	AGAINST
3325	abortion	"I wrote in for Ron Paul, so don't tell Me what's crappy about Obama because I don't like him.  I like him like this much better than I like McCain.  As for the current president - well. Bleh.I was just pointing out that Jesus Christ would be laughed at.  If he came down out of the clouds and sat at the right hand of Nancy Pelosi and espoused the same views... the very same ""Christians"" sitting in congress would laugh at him.  If he wasn't shot first.    Because Christ would tell them to feed the hungry, give their coats to those who were cold, let strangers sleep in their homes - or at least their garages (?) - and to give away whatever they didn't need.   These policies are more closely matched by Obama.  So if you're going to use your ""Christian"" (as if that means anything) views to vote, why would you vote for someone whose policies are better for the richest people and crappiest for everyone else? Makes absolutely  no sense.   Yet time and time again, people will vote not for policies that more closely resemble their beliefs, but for the candidate who claims the loudest and fiercest that yes, they too, are Christian.   The ""Christain"" values that politicians profess are meaningless because you're exactly right - we can't run the world on them. The hypocrites who run things can pick and choose which so-called sins (so called because they're only sins if you're a religious type), but that doesn't mean a jellified thing.   A ""Christian"" would do what they were told to do... and that is the exact opposite of what happened the past.  Well.  FOREVER history of politics and politicking.  As for the Vatican having more money than Davy Crockett (never did get that line from Forrest Gump), that wasn't a low blow.How much harder is it for the rich to get into heaven? Doesn't their very own Christ supposedly say that?  So how exactly is it a low blow to point out the hypocrisy of a religion that professes to be the conduit between God and men? They have a frikken POPE!   A Pope that wears gold rings and chains and carries a scepter and everything.   They should be like Schindler... How many people could be clothed, fed, sheltered by the worth of that ring alone? The gold? The money?   That's why it's hypocritical.  That's hardly a low blow. It's the truth.   Crappy? Maybe if you're Catholic.   But it's entirely the truth, so targeting the wealth of a religion that supposed to shun it isn't hitting below the sacremental belt at all.Anywho.  "	FAVOR
3326	abortion	"That the fetus may do harm to the mother cannot justify destroying it. Even when born, a child can inflict much more physical pain on the mother than he can on the womb, his destruction is still illegal."	AGAINST
3327	abortion	"In medical terms, an ""  abortion  "" happens every time the products of conception (a fertilized egg) leaves the uterus without producing a live birth.  But this happens countless times in nature, as fertilized eggs are routinely washed from the woman's uterus before they can be implanted there.  Abortion opponents might as well consider Mother Nature the world's largest abortion mill. "	FAVOR
3328	abortion	Yes, I am not a woman therefore I do not have the rite to tell a woman that she cannot have an abortion after she has been raped. Who are men to decide what a woman must do? What would you guys do if the gov told you to stop killing potential life via beating off? It would seem ludicrous	FAVOR
3329	abortion	is to make up definitions as you go along.  Relying on a formal authority is the foundation of logical, even rational argument.You are correct that an authoritative definition may plausibly be incorrect, but you have failed on every count to demonstrate that such is the case.  And I suppose it would be difficult to discern who is running when you are the one running with irrationality.Oh, and I have successfully challenged what you have put forth of said 'epistemology'; the fundamental problem is that any scenario applied to a human fetus can also be applied to a human being; even a lack of reason - for that condemns the mentally retarded, even the lack of a particular ability, for it condemns the handicapped, even the issue of metaphysical independence, for you cannot prove that such is absent from a fetus - nor can you prove that you possess the same without appealing to God: which would shoot yourself in the foot.Therefore your victory is an illusion, a fantasy in your mind, though unfortunately not alone.  You have offered no evidence for your claims.  Philosophical opinions to not constitute proof; but the sciences of embryology and fetology confirm that both are existing organisms with human properties - when the offspring of humans - and therefore human beings, by definition; they also prove that said beings are alive which is important since a corpse cannot be killed.I have repeatedly squared on the issuesI have clearly defined my terms - you just don't like dictionaries because they're unbiased.I've never asked for elaboration beyond the relevant.I've always been as specific as necessary - you on the other hand, have 'spewed generalities' indirectly, at least, by assuming broad, arbitrary conditions such as 'survivability'.My logic is based on true axioms, and therefore is probably tertiarily axiomatic, but that's not even a logical flaw, quite the opposite actually.I have supported my claims - with biology: high school biology, and logic, basic logic.  And none of my claims are arbitrary, though birth is fundamentally arbitrary - you do know what it means to be arbitrary, right?Existence is an axiom (one which I've been using, but you have not accurately done so)Truth and Fact are the fundamental axioms.Identity is not an axiom.  It's a label.Consciousness is not an axiom.  You do know what an axiom is, don't you?Liar.  Almost the entirity of your last post was irrational.Though you've demonstrated yourself a liar, I will nevertheless retract the accusation that you reccommend your own posts.  But that doesn't warrant the ad hominim.	FAVOR
3330	abortion	Yeah that's pretty much what I do around here. Being one of the only Christian pro-life conservatives on the site that doesn't get intimidated by all the liberals and atheists. I should get a medal for all that I put up with, but I don't complain.	AGAINST
3331	abortion	"Pro-life should mean not only preserving the life, but also working to improve the condition the life exists in.On both ends (  abortion   and   euthanasia  ) life needs to be protected.In the middle we need to work to improve the   conditions   that everyone lives in. We need to provide at least basic   health care  . All people should have roofs over there head. There should be a minimum standard that all people should be provided. However, people need to give back as they can (not a welfare world).Torture is part of the middle ground. One thing that needs to be cleared up is at point do you cross the line between   interrogation   and torture? Is interrogation allowed? Is the line different for times of war and peace? Does Iraq or Afghanistan qualify as a war? Some Police forces have been accused of using torture, how do handle them?Abortion takes over a million lives every year (just in the USA); how many have died from torture?In the ""war"" do you just look at the number of American soldiers that have died, or the total number of persons that have died? Do we weigh the lives saved against the lives lost? The number of bodies found in the mass graves in Iraq has exceeded the estimates of how many people Saddam Hussein was thought to have executed.You use the term ""full fledged human being"". Please define this term. At what point does a person no longer rate ""full fledged""? If I get into a car accident and can no longer take care of myself, would I no longer be ""full fledged""?You did not mention the   death penalty  . This should only be allowed if needed to protect   society  . If a person can be kept isolated from society, then the value of their life needs to be respected. If the person can not be isolated from society, then the value of the many lives in society needs to have greater   weight   than the one personÃ•s life.Abortion kills a known number of persons, while torture and war death tolls do not come close in quantity. "	AGAINST
3332	abortion	" If a fetus had a right to life, abortionists would be subject to murder charges While abortionists claim that fetuses should have a right to life, they would never go so far as to charge abortionists with murder. Yet, this is what would be required if we gave fetuses a right to life. Therefore, there is a fundamental inconsistency in this position."	FAVOR
3333	abortion	I have one simple question:If there is nothing wrong with abortion, then why do we need to reduce its use?  The Democratic Party has time and again defended not only the right to abortion, or rather the right to choose as they state, but have stated that abortion is not murder, but just another medical procedure. If this is true, then why all the work to reduce abortions?  If they truly believe that there is nothing wrong with it, what is the purpose of this new dedication to reduction?I think it is just an attempt to placate voters and appease certain members while still raking the millions of pro-abortion donor dollars and glowing endorsements from the major abortion providers and backers.	AGAINST
3334	abortion	"I am not God and cannot hope to understand all there is about Him. But I know what He says in the Bible. He planned me and it says He knew me before the creation of the world.  How that happens, I don't know, I don't need to know.  The point is God planned all life and we as humans don't have the right to kill life at any stage. And yes I agree that a girl is already carrying the life God planned for her to give birth to. In Hebrews 7:9,10 it states: ""One might even say that Levi, who collects the tenth, paid the tenth through Abraham, because when Melchisedek met Abraham, Levi was still in the body of his ancestor.""People seem to be clever at engaging in discussion at when life begins. Anyone who has ever become pregnant (as I have) gets excited the second they know they are pregnant. We don't wait until the baby is ""viable"".Also, I know many women who are spending the rest of their life mourning the baby they aborted. No intellectual arguement is going to argue their grief away. I hope I satisfactorily answered your question. "	AGAINST
3335	abortion	"""Fifty-four percent of women who have abortions had used a contraceptive method (usually the condom or the pill) during the month they became pregnant. Among those women, 76% of pill users and 49% of condom users report having used their method inconsistently, while 13% of pill users and 14% of condom users report correct use.[9]Â¥ Forty-six percent of women who have abortions had not used a contraceptive method during the month they became pregnant. Of these women, 33% had perceived themselves to be at low risk for   pregnancy  , 32% had had concerns about contraceptive methods, 26% had had unexpected sex and 1% had been forced to have sex.[9]""    The AGI is the research arm of Planned Parenthood, the world's largest   abortion   provider. So as you can see 46% of women did not use another contraceptive method while a majority of people using other contraceptive methods report having used them inconsistently. This means that a great majority of people are not using contraceptives or are using them inconsistently. Why? Because there's always abortion available as a solution.The AGI also reports that 1% had been forced to have sex.Of course   condoms   are more effective than unprotected sex. I don't say that better sexual   education   discredits abortion as a possibility. I just think that if we address the problem at the source then less abortion will follow wich is what we should all agree with. I also think that making abortion illegal is the best solution if we want abortion to end.In poland for instance since the new 1993 law was written abortions went down from 100 000 aprox to only 340 in 2006. The law exempt the woman from being guilty of any   crime   and allows abortion when there is rape, if the life or   health   of the mother is at risk or when the fetus health is incompatible with life.Your example is not valid because in a broken leg situation surgery has a purpose of   healing   and cure. In the case of abortion surgery is used to terminate a human life. No other surgery does that."	AGAINST
3336	abortion	I hope you understand that I ask this quesiton in all seriouness, in an effort to understand your worldview. If life begins when God planned your life, and God has planned your life since before the beginning of creation, than that would seem to mean that you have always been alive. Is that true? Wouldn't it follow then that, for example, a 10-year-old girl is already carrying in her the life God planned her to give birth to in the future?I hope that made sense. Any clarification you could give would be appreciated. 	FAVOR
3337	abortion	"""Barb's ProChoice Testimony - Silent No More"". Posted on YouTube on May 18th, 2007"	AGAINST
3338	abortion	" Abortion allows women to have sex comfortably without fear of pregnancy Rachel Kramer Bussel, ""I'm Pro-Choice and I Fuck"", Village Voice, January 13, 2006 - ""I'm pro-choice because I couldn't fully enjoy sex were I consumed with worry about the potential consequences.""[13]"	FAVOR
3339	abortion	Then why are you pro choice!?	AGAINST
3340	abortion	"Abortion should not be banned. Pregnant women would still find a way to abort children, and thereby risk dangerous methods, or suspect ""doctors"", as seen in other countries. Freedom entitles you to do whatever you want with your body, and by that I mean until a new human is complete."	FAVOR
3341	abortion	I'd like to take the time to address several tings that have been raised in this debate and clarify my argument against abortion.First, the affect this debate has on women who have had abortions. This reality has weighed heavily on my conscience. But I think a greater issue is at stake here and therefore the cost is worth it. The greater good that is being served here is the hope that abortion on demand might someday be ended and that the emotional trauma it causes to women will be ended also.The holocaust of abortion will not be ended until people see and know the reality of what it is. It has been stunning to see through the course of this debate the lengths people will go to so as to sugar coat this issue and make it appear not so bad; and actually justifiable. So my effort is to make that know as best I can. But the truth is that when women, who have had abortions, come to a correct understanding of what has happened there is real pain and real quilt; and that certainly is not to be dismissed. So for those who have had abortions I say there is a way out of the pain and quilt; true forgiveness is possible. There is only one way out and that is through the great exchange; God in Christ takes your life and He gives you His. When He died, you died and the charges against you are paid in full, the debt is canceled. Then the life of perfection He lived becomes yours; it is laid to your account. So you go from an infinity negative debt to an infinity positive righteousness. And through His resurrection you are raised to newness of life.This is only possible through repentance and faith. Confess your sins and trust God to do for you what he said He would in Christ. This faith is not a leap in the dark, like crossing your fingers. It is an active trust, like standing on solid ground; a confident expectation in the faithfulness of God.With that said I would like to clarify my argument against abortion further and answer the question should abortion be banned. But let me preface my argument with a disclaimer. I realize there is a difference between proof and persuasion. There is no argument that I can put forth that can't be disputed. There are actually people who will argue for the reality of square circles. So I put this argument forth for those who are truly open-minded; in hopes you will be persuaded.The taking of the life of an innocent human being without proper justification is murder and murder is illegal.Abortion takes the life of an innocent human being without proper justification. therefore it is murder and should be illegal	AGAINST
3342	abortion	"This is stupid. The simple fact of all of this is let people decide what they want to do with teir bodies, I am so sick of republicans saying ""no more government"" then they have these ""rules"" which make more decisions for us. Total hypocrisy. You have a right to choose is my stance on everything."	FAVOR
3343	abortion	"First, my apologies for creating some confusion.My comments were strictly in response the ""argument"" and was written before I read the comments.  I did however read the comments before I posted mine and I did ""ignore"" your comment essentially because you changed the topic.  The argument is about embryos, not fetuses.  Scientifically, there is a vast difference.  After I reread all the comments (including my own) I looked for a way to edit them in order to reference yours, but I could find no edit link.I have no intention of pretending you do not exist; you believe your position as much as I believe mine.  I have every intention of creating a true debate.The argument states that an embryo is not a human (person), but it also implies that a fetus is.Everyone being on the ""same page"" proves nothing beyond agreement of opinion.I think definitions are getting mixed up here.  Life, humanity, person: are these the same thing?  I believe we must consistently define what ""personhood"" is and when it begins.  For the rest of the ""argument,"" let's use one word (human, life, ??? suggestion) as the organism that begins when it can be detected and ends when it is dead (thus fetus through adulthood).  Let's also use one word (personhood, humanity, ??? suggestion) for the status of the organism that is given value and legal protection.It appears that you have essentially said, there is no personhood Ã‰ because it is not a person,"" which is not a valid statement because a word was used to define itself.  This is also not a reason, it is pure opinion.  It would be valid to say that a fetus is not a person because it does not have the qualities of a person (although I would disagree with that assertion).  Referencing another comment of yours on this argument, it is interesting to say that personhood / legal protection begins at birth.  I'm very curious of your reasons for this.I object to ""each"" womanÃ•s opinion being allowed to define when personhood begins.  Many women would say it begins at conception, many others say at birth.  Men are equally diverse in their opinion.  Some have even said it begins at toddlerhood.  I contend that a set of scientific facts must be allowed to make a consistent decision.  We cannot reasonably have laws that allow for double-murder when a pregnant woman is killed and at the same time declare it legal for a doctor to lethally inject a fetus.  How can both of these laws exist together?You are correct that opinions do not establish reality (fact), but they do establish laws, morals, ethics, values, rules, textbooks, politics, and culture. These things are very powerful, and real forces.  I believe we both agree that reality (fact) must rule the argument / debate / question / decision.  If so then we can and should come to the same conclusion.  I hope to get there."	AGAINST
3344	abortion	"Just because you can't nail down the exact time of personhood doesn't mean to can't say it's ""sometime after this point"" or ""sometime before that point"". I won't speak for the earlier poster, but I would argue that it's sometime after the brain begins to develop, and sometime around or before self-awareness. That is not to say there is no value in an entity during other time-frames, but that the value is not that of a ""person""."	FAVOR
3345	abortion	I think that you shouldn't have more than.... 3 abortions. Birth control... there's an idea! I'm against abortion with the exception of rape and ABSOLUTE emergencies. I don't know... I've never been in that situation before, but accidents happen to everyone. So it's mos def possible.	FAVOR
3346	abortion	Abortion is aw right that should be based solely on the woman's decision. There is no reason for abortion to be banned, and in fact, that is restricting the rights of women by not allowing them to have abortions. Also, think of those who have been raped and sexually abused and have no choice but to bear the child of a person who did such horrible things to them. An abortion is the only way to escape raising something that would always remind that person of something horrible in their life.	FAVOR
3347	abortion	"We are PRO-choice, PRO privacy.  If you have been paying attention to national polls you'd discover that a majority of Americans support a woman's right to a legal   abortion  .Abortion does not kill ""children"" it simply stops the growth of an embryo.  Denying children access to healthcare, housing, food, parents who can make a living wage is far more a case of ""murder"" than allowing a woman the right to make her own medical decisions.  It's a privacy issue and that means what another woman does is none of your business. If you want to agree with Mother Theresa, fine (she never experianced being pregnant) but to tell others who don't share your religious beliefs what they can or can't do is morally wrong.  Remember, the Catholic church always chose the fetus over the mother.  This usually left many motherless families.  Too many times the father had to put his children into orphanages because he couldn't work and take care of them.  It would have been better to let the woman live so she could be there for her other children.  This is the same church that denied woman access to birth control so they could prevent getting pregnant.  Besides, almost half of all conceptions are spontaneously aborted in the first 6-8 weeks so if God doesn't have a problem aborting embryos why should you care what a woman, who is a stranger to you, does?  I'm sure you're not willing to pay more taxes to help support all these millions more children you so insist must be brought into this world.  I usually find that the enforced pregnancy crowd are all for protecting ""the innocent fetus"" but once it's born it then becomes ""someone else's mistake"" and ""not my responsibility"".  Yeah, let's all applaud that moral stance!What I also find interesting that the Bible says nothing regarding abortion except where if a man causes a woman to abort he has to financially compensate her for the loss of the pregnancy.  If God can be so specific about what foods we are allowed to eat, when we can have sex, and what clothes we are suppose to wear, it seems odd that ""He"" was so silent on this subject. No where in the Bible does it say that ""no woman who has conceived shalt abort her conception"".  I mean, isn't God suppose to be timeless, able to see into the future, ect., ect.,?  Yet, the subject of abortion was never addressed.  The question of abortion will never be settled.  Those of us of feel it's a medical/privacy issue would rather a woman have access to a safe, legal abortion.  Your side will always consider it immoral and murder but since no one is forcing your or your daughters to have an abortion against your will I think it's a procedure that should remain legal.  Don't believe in abortion, don't have one."	FAVOR
3348	abortion	A fetus is not yet a child. It is the product of the woman's body despite itbeing viable future offspring. And although males have a stake in thiscreation of life they are not the ones who have to take the risks of bearingchildren. Pregnancy is a very risky situation for women and I think thepro-life camp takes this very lightly. Women are responsible for bringinglife into this world, however that responsibility falls into each and everyoneof their hands. Every woman should have the right to decide what's bestfor her health. After all it's her body and not yours.	FAVOR
3349	abortion	"Does a fetus looks like we expect it to look? Does we expect it to look like a baby?Does we expect a baby to look like an adult? No of course. Still the three of them are all humans beings and all are in continuous development.Child: 2.a human offspring (son or daughter) of any age. (define.com) Since the offspring comes into existence at conception it is absolutely correct to say ""...unborn child.""Person: 1. a human being. (define.com) ""[The zygote], formed by the union of an oocyte and a sperm, is the beginning of a new human  being.""    Keith L. Moore, Before We Are Born: Essentials of Embryology, 7th edition. Philadelphia, PA: Saunders, 2008. p. 2.Fetuses are human beings at a early stage of development. They are the same entity that through development evolves from zygote to embryo then fetus and then baby and so on until death.You are right about one thing: it is not Murder: UNLAWFUL premeditated killing of a human being by a human  being (define.com). It is homocide: the killing of a human being by another human being(define.com)"	AGAINST
3350	abortion	"Post-abortion syndrome is not a medically recognized syndrome: The American Psychological Association and the American Psychiatric Association do not recognize PAS. "	FAVOR
3351	abortion	It is a known fact that the human brain is not fully developed until after the age of 18. Therefore, anyone under the age of 18 should not be held entirely responsible for actions such as unintended pregnancy.	AGAINST
3352	abortion	"about the reasoning behind the two people you mention I will stick to my own thoughts. But In general it is an easier question for atheists. Saying I'm pro choice doesn't mean I think highly of destroying ""potential"" human lives but I do place a higher value on the women and young girls who are faced with this choice. I think we could spend our money and time in a much wiser way by teaching people how to prevent unwanted pregnancies and helping out on the contraceptive end which is, in my opinion, the best option."	FAVOR
3353	abortion	Ask yourself this question. When does 1 + 1 = 2?Now or three months from Now?	AGAINST
3354	abortion	"Most of what you said is absolutely correct.  This is a place of freedom, and restricting freedoms that don't harm anyone else goes against the grain of what this country was founded on.  That is why I am for legalization of marjuana and other drugs, for the rights of homosexuals, for the unrestricted right of the people to bear arms, and against all ""victimless crimes.""  Abortion, however, is not one of these things.   An innocent life is being destroyed.  While you certainly can make a good argument for   abortion   early in the pregnancy, and there is no reason to restrict birth control, once a feltus begins to kick and play, to respond to voices and sounds, to show emotion, it is a person, and it's inalienable right to life is being infringed.  Americans not only should but must insure that as long as rights and freedoms do not infringe upon the rights and feedoms of others they are protected.  Abortion, however, is not without a victim.  It does infringe upons the rights and freedoms of another.  This is why it should not be legal.  That being said, it also should not be banned.  What I would recommend happen, is that Congress makes a Constitutional Amendment defining at what point a specimen of the human race becomes a person and achieves citizenhood, and with that citizenhood Constitutional protection, with said point occuring at some point between conception and birth, probably late in the pregnancy.  After this point, termination of the child, as it would then be defined, would be classified as murder, and not abortion.  After that amendment is ratified, the policy as to whether termination of the human specimen prior to that point is legal or not should be left to the states.  In an ideal world, abortion of all kind would be illegal.  However, this is not the case, and this is the most reasonable compromise I can come up with."	FAVOR
3355	abortion	WHO MAKES THESE QUESTIONS UP OF COURSE IT SHOULD	FAVOR
3356	abortion	I have tried and tried and I can not come to the rationalization that many pro-  abortion   supporters find so easy - that somehow, a thing that, if left un-aborted, will turn into a human being 100% of the time.  (not usually, not almost always, not 99.9999999...% of the time, but EVERY time) can be killed and it somehow isn't murder, or if it is, that it is OK, because it isn't human.  How can it not be a human being? This isn't about religion or choice, but about science (the thing that becomes a human, is  a human) and basic right and wrong vs. convenience.  I don't have to be a woman (I'm not) or a religious nutbag (I'm not) to understand either side of this argument.  Why do so many otherwise decent people seem to think it is OK to kill another human?  It also sickens me that many of the same folks that are pro-abortion are charter members of PETA, ASPCA, etc.  If we cared half us much for each other, as we did for food and companionship, abortion wouldn't be an issue.   	AGAINST
3357	abortion	But seriously, I've seen your posts, nowhere do you refute the HUMANITY of a HUMAN embryo/fetus.  Can I be any more blunt?  You cannot prove the absence of the subject, nor can you deny the race (the human race) to which he/she belongs.  Therefore, and since I have here proven that an unborn human is still a human being; and since it is also true that said humans are alive, they are therefore, by definition, persons.  End of case.	FAVOR
3358	abortion	"Abortion rights is an important issue, and it is typically presented (as in this debate) as a complex topic involving women's right, women's health, the doctor-patient relationship, government interference, social policy, historical precedent, biblical interpretation, etc.  But in the end none of this is relevant.  The root question is ""When does life begin?"" If you believe that life begins at conception (I do not), then there can be no justification for abortion, just as there can be no justification for murder.  In this case, abortion must be illegal in ALL cases.  Ethically, exceptions cannot be made, even for cases of rape, incest, or the health of the mother just as we cannot murder one innocent person to save the life of another.  It seems to me that ""Pro-lifers"" who allow these exceptions are contradicting themselves, because there are no exceptions to rules against murder.  But if you believe that life does not begin at conception, then abortion (at least until the point at which you believe life does begin) has no ethical component, and should be legal as a matter of personal choice.  I don't know when life begins.  But I do know that it is NOT at conception, or any time soon thereafter.  For me life is not based my interpretation of when the soul inhabits the body. It is based on when consciousness begins.  And that cannot happen AT LEAST until there is a functioning brain.  No matter what anyone claims, at this point NO ONE knows when life beings.  Clearly this is a matter that has been debated for thousands of years, and on which we all have opinions (most of them strong).  But that's the point, they are OPINIONS, not facts.  Our philosophy and science have simply not come far enough to give an unambiguous answer to this question, leaving it (for most people) in the realm of faith. And since the nature of life IS a matter of opinion at this point, abortion should also remain a matter of opinion...and choice.  Much of this needs elaboration, but it's a good place to start.  Sid"	FAVOR
3359	abortion	"This is what it comes down to. Government is held with the responsibility of protecting certain unalienable, natural, inherant rights that humans are endowed with. These rights are basic and fundamental, among them are; LIFE, liberty, property, and the pursuit of happiness. Abortion should be made illegal due to it taking the fundamental right to life from a human, the fetus. The ""  pro-choice  "" argument doesn't hold water. Choice is the foundation of freedom. You have the right to choose, SO LONG AS THAT CHOICE DOES NOT VIOLATE ANOTHER'S RIGHTS. The choice of having abortion does exactly that to the fetus, it strips a human of a fundamental right and as a consequence, EVERY single other right. More importantly, pregnancy is a choice in itself. A woman has the choice to have sex, she then has the choice of using a contraceptive; furthermore, she has a choice as to which contraceptive is used. So she has many choice, however, those choices become irrelevent once life is conceived. Pro-choicers say the woman has her civil rights violated if she cannot have an abortion. What then is it called when the innocent, who doen't have a voice to defend their own inherent rights have them violated..... It's as basic as the weight of individual rights. The fetus' right to LIFE trumps the woman's 'choice' to destroy it every single time, no exceptions. I am astounished that an organization such as the Ayn Rand Institute would abandon reason on this basic fundamental issue that rests solely upon natural rights of individuals vs. the third round of choice for a woman (after the choice to have sex and then the choice to use contraceptive)."	AGAINST
3360	abortion	"If you and your spouse have no STDs and you have sex with no one else how could you possible get an STD apart from a mishap at the doctors?1. kissing your mom during a herpes outbreak, then making oral with your spouse.2. a bar fight 3. eating an infected chimp you didn't cook long enough with an open soar in your mouth4. forgetting to cover a public toilet seat after someone with an outbreak on their thighs forgot to put the cover on a public toilet seatProbably many more.But that's not the point. The point is people have been having sex with or without protection for hundreds of thousands of years, and they're not about to stop now no matter how hard you stuff your fingers in your ears and how loud you yell ""LALALALALALA"" with your eyes closed while stomping your feat and praying.keep trying though"	FAVOR
3361	abortion	"The name ""Family Research Counsel"" is an oxymoron. They don't do research; they preach lies.This is a Fundamentalist Christian front group. The core principle of Fundamentalism is that every word of the Bible is literally true and without error. The core principle of Fundamentalism is fraud. If you attempted to sell a product as clearly defective as that, in any business but art or   religion  , you would go to prison.  Once you have a group of people who have committed the   faith   of their lives to a lie, you can get them to go to bat for any damned-fool proposition.  For 25 years these deceivers have distorted and distracted Americans from the proper business of government, which is business. The Family Research Council  loved George W. Bush, who arrogantly believed that he had the God-given right to   torture    people after they were born but that no one should have the right to abort a fetus, because of his primitive religion. That sad, era, of ignorance and arrogance, is over.Now they attempt to undermine the Obama administration that promises   science  -based public policy, which should be an opportunity for a ""research"" shop, except, of course, that they have no research only lies, distorted by ideology. FRC offers nothing that can stand up to critical examination, which is no problem for true-believers but doesn't fly well outside their cult.  America has listened to these pied-pipers for far too long; where they led our country is the wrong direction.  They have divided us over personal choices that are not the government's business to decide, while they empowered a corrupt administration that stole our   children  's future and entangled us in unnecessary wars.  Up to 1,000,000 utterly innocent Iraqi civilians died in George Bush's   war  . Go tell them that you are   pro-life  .Who cares what the Family ""Research"" Council says?  Let them be a big influence in the administration of Rush Limbaugh and Sarah Palin, which exists on the same plane as their pathetic   religious   fantasies.  I don't know what the key to the Kingdom of God is, but I'll bet you 50 cents it's not a lie."	FAVOR
3362	abortion	" Child-rearing is a beautiful, natural process, not a burden Victoria Woodhull, first woman to run for U.S. President, member of the Equal Rights Party, in Woodhull's and Claffin's Weekly (September 23, 1871). - ""Child-bearing is not a disease, but a beautiful office of nature. But to our faded-out, sickly, exhausted type of women, it is a fearful ordeal. Nearly every child born is an unwelcome guest. Abortion is the choice of evils for such women.""[15]"	AGAINST
3363	abortion	At conception	AGAINST
3364	abortion	I understand what you mean and perhaps I should have worded it differently but I remember the times before Roe v. Wade where women would have abotions regardless of peril to their own lives! That's what I meant.	AGAINST
3365	abortion	Well, if you have a lame duck congress who stonewalls him on everything; I think it would be reasonable to blame them.But that's not the question at hand is it? The question is; what is being killed in an abortion? that's the only one that matters.	AGAINST
3366	abortion	"If women can't be trusted with ""choice"", how can they be trusted with children? It is important that society trust in women and individuals to make the right moral choices. In regard to abortion, if women can't be trusted to make the right choice, how can they be trusted with children?"	FAVOR
3367	abortion	I agree that intelligence and desire are two different things but...Sex is pleasurable, but it is still procreation.If you are smart, you will know that birth control fails. If you are intelligent and want to have sex, but don't want a child, you will re-think the sex. What child deserves to die simply because his 'genius' mom doesn't think he should inconvenience her? It was her mistake that created him, not his. Why should he lose his life, which is his own, because he depends on her for survival but she doesn't feel like taking care of him?	AGAINST
3368	abortion	" Fewer women would have abortions if they knew what they were doing Bernard Nathanson, former abortion doctor turned pro-life, in his book Aborting America, 1979 - ""Fewer women would have abortions if wombs had windows.""[19] After the abortion, women are confronted with a much more profound sense of the reality of what they have done and what they have lost. This often triggers depression."	AGAINST
3369	abortion	Prev, show me how this has to deal directly with abortions being banned and I will answer it. I think you meant Afghanistan now anyways, we are pulling out of Iraq.	AGAINST
3370	abortion	"Liberals do not, to the extent that Conservatives do.......mind you these labels do not truly describe the majority of either party as labels are the exaggerations of the extremes.....anyway, they do not use the church as a platform for election in the same manner.  As in, the Christian values they profess are actual campaign tactics.    This group makes up a very large portion of the ""right to life"" fan base.   What don't you understand about how it is contradictory to be against   abortion   AND, at the same time, be against welfare?   If the church was doing such a good job.. as, if the private or faith based sector were doing such a good job at providing help to the poor... there would be no need for the welfare state to exist.  Further more, if - as is claimed - more than 3/4's of the population is Christian, why is there resistance to welfare?  To say that life is precious and must be protected against the ill-choices of the parent.  If we say we must protect the voiceless... why does it not seem contradictory to you to protect the voiceless lives of children against the ill choices of their parents? Or as is more likely, considering the evidence, the ill choices of the parenT?    This bloated inefficiency you speak to comes not from the fact that welfare is not intended to actually help the poor.  It is meant to keep the poor as exactly that - poor.  But that aside, you speak as if Conservatives have not controlled congress.  You make it sound as if ""Conservatives"" as this bastion of gleaming solidarity in beliefs... and are not corrupt.  If they are part of the government - they are corrupt. But you're ignoring the point...  If Conservatives run their campaigns with an eye toward the Christian base, they should be more proactive in welfare.... since life is so precious as to choose it over liberty.  "	FAVOR
3371	abortion	"The problem with the Roe and Doe cases in 1973 is that the Supreme Court's ""solution"" to the   abortion   issue was to impose the basically unrestricted right to abortion that existed in New York at the time on the entire country.  The degree of protection afforted to the unborn should be decided by the people of each state, having reasonable discussions like this one, not five justices sitting in Washington D.C. "	AGAINST
3372	abortion	Murder is a   legal   concept in which one autonomous, self-aware individual intentionally kills another. As a embryo/fetus has no legal status as a person, how can it be murdered? It can be killed, but it cannot be murdered. Your use of the term 'murder' is simply a linguistic device designed to appeal to emotion rather than reason. It is precisely this sort of emotive discourse that hinders rational debate.	FAVOR
3373	abortion	No, of course abortions should not be banned for you would have them anyway regardless of safety, funding or anything else that might get in the way. We would be back in the days of the butcher shops and that wouldn't be good for anyone. Abortion is not a trivial matter and is one that must be thought out thoroughly by the person or persons involved. I wouldn't like to see us take such a serious step lightly nor would I like to see us take a step backwards in time.	FAVOR
3374	abortion	You can do whatever you want to your womb, but when you start doing stuff to a fetus inside your womb, that's different.By the way, in this entire post you make this assumption: that the fetus is just part of the woman's body.Also, men's body parts are restricted.  Notably with regards to rape and gunfire: can't go sticking things anywhere one pleases, can't adjust one's fingers when there's a gun between them pointed at someone else's head.Again, you can do what you want with your body, it's when you affect someone else's body that there's a problem; and a fetus is another body: fact of biology, women don't have male genetalia as part of their anatomy, but baby boys do (even before birth).	FAVOR
3375	abortion	"If both numbers refer to the same kind of thing, 1 is not 4. 1 banana is not 4 bananas. One could argue that, if it's not specified, 1 could be 4... For example, 1 family might have exactly 4 people in it. In this case, 1 (family) is 4 (people). But if the numbers are just shown without ""units"", it's usually implied that they are probably referring to the same thing. Therefore, 1 is not 4.1 is not 4 is a proposition. The proposition is not an accounting statement. It is a proposition that asserts that 1 and 4 are not predicable of each other. In fact if that proposition is debatable then the law of mathematics is without a foundation. Your arguments fail to debate the proposition, 1 is not 4 , but yet argues distinctly different propositions."	AGAINST
3376	abortion	All of us were once a fetus. That is a child. Obviously, none of you chose to watch the posted video, silent screams? Or how about the facts about a 10 week fetus. The whole argument is whether it is a person or not. Just because the law says it not, does not make that right. We are challenging the law. This is also our constitutional right.	AGAINST
3377	abortion	No not for now it's need.	FAVOR
3378	abortion	"I see a trend that has become a thorn to the people of America. The trend is that of the courts generating law, be it a regional court, or the so called ""Supreme Court""! From all of my study, the function of the court system, as well as that of the Supreme Court is to uphold ""Law"" which has been legislated by the ""House of Parliament""...thus representing the People of America... instead of a group's opinion being honored by a biased supreme court judge. To me this represents supreme corruption and misuse of judicial power which should be indictable or impeachable.Law for the people need to be legislated through the House, representing the PEOPLE, for the PEOPLE, and of the PEOPLE, to be upheld by the court system and especially the Supreme Court system which should directly represent the HOUSE, in keeping it real.Here is one major flaw that I hope the New President can bring back to sanity, putting the laws of the land back into representing Democracy and of the people.The Supreme court system as it stands has become a means for biased minority groups to perpetrate their agenda by finding a judge of similar bias. Democracy is meant to represent theNations collective good and common sense and not that of the few in a building of a few people. (Court house).            "	AGAINST
3379	abortion	"I don't believe that it would be easy to end up like Nazis. For one thing, we have their cautionary example. I would also point out that we did intentionally kill innocent Germans and Japanese in our fight against fascism. We regretted it, but did it anyway. My point is that we already break this basic tenet of Natural Law - there is nothing absolute about it. So, 'innocent human beings should not be intentionally killed without a good reason' appears to be our practical standard.You state their position as, ""innocent life can be destroyed because it has not moved through enough 'functional, behavioral, physical and social dimensions' to be considered a person,"" but there is an additional important criteria once we go from ""when does a human begin?"" to ""is   abortion   legal?"" Their is now another person's well being at stake. Any rights we assign to the fetus will always need to be compared to those of the pregnant woman when we consider the implications of abortion."	FAVOR
3380	abortion	"Hitler was a murderer for having abortions? Like I said, keep it to the topic. Hmm, lets see...You dispute me, I ask for evidence as to why you dispute me, you come up with ""go check the Bible."" I'm still waiting for the evidence. I ask two simple questions. What did Jesus say about abortions? What is right and wrong according to Jesus? I mean, if you want to cop out and not answer them, you shouldn't keep the debate going, since you were the one who disputed me.We are all lawbreakers. So how should one type of sin get emphasized over the other? God looks at every sin the same way, except for blasphemy against HS. A person who commits a murder commits the same sin in the eyes of God as someone who lies. Why are you trying to deny it? You have no right to tell someone that their sin is worse than yours, because you are not God, and God does not judge sins that way except for one, blasphemy against HS. ""Go get your Bible"" if you think I am wrong. I can't keep arguing with you if you continue to take the debate off topic. We are talking specifically about whether you should judge someone as a murderer and hell-bound if they have an abortion. I have said this throughout my past statements, yet you want to keep diverting the topic to something you feel comfortable with. I put my first statement under the 'abortions should be banned' view for a reason. The question is not about what is being killed in an abortion. Obviously it is a human being imo. Again, stop cop-ing out and keep it to the topic. Should you judge someone as a murderer and hell-bound if they have an abortion?"	AGAINST
3381	abortion	"To pretend that the poster above you who disagrees with you does not exist, after you have just responded to her, indicates that you have substantially broken with reality. To pretend that everyone is on the ""same page"" as you regarding abortion is proof of it.I will let you guess as to the clinical term for this condition.You object to a pregnant woman's opinion as non-objective, then demand that your own opinion, that a fetus is a human deserving of the rights of a 10-year-old, get treated as an objective fact. Then you wonder which authority's opinion establishes reality. But no one's opinion establishes reality. Reality exists independently of human opinion, and reason is our only tool to understand it.And reason is clear on this issue. There is no humanity of a fetus to discuss because a fetus is not a person. You cannot offer any rational, logical, secular evidence that a fetus is a person, because there is none. There can be no evidence for that which does not exist."	FAVOR
3382	abortion	Abortion: One Key Issue  By Gregory KouklAbortion involves killing and discarding something that's alive. Whether it's right or not to take the life of any living being depends entirely upon the answer to one question: What kind of being is it? The answer one gives is pivotal, the deciding element that trumps all other considerations.Let me put the issue plainly. If the unborn is not a human person, no justification for abortion is necessary. However, if the unborn is a human person, no justification for abortion is adequate.Â©1999 Gregory Koukl. Reproduction permitted for non-commercial use only.For more information, contact Stand to Reason at 1438 East 33rd St., Signal Hill, CA 90755(800) 2-REASON (562) 595-7333 www.str.org	AGAINST
3383	abortion	"...no, they can not be Pro-Choice.The Catholic Church is very strict. According to its own self-proclaimed, self-appointed duty, it is the conduit between Man and God. It's rules - it's laws - are God's rules - God's laws. If you're truly Catholic you accept everything the Vatican says without question. It is God's word.If you call yourself Catholic and believe you can be Pro-Choice, you're delusional. I consider Catholics who believe this to have ""selective faith."" They follow the rules of the Vatican that are convenient for them, using the principles of Christianity as fire insurance. ""As long as I ask for forgiveness, I will be saved."""	AGAINST
3384	abortion	While I recommend your post, what we need to consider is the notion of a justifiable homicide (i.e. self defense), which, while it rarely comes up with regard to   abortion   in the US, is nevertheless a concern.The solution is that abortion should be   legal  , just like shooting a gun, but it needs to be looked at just like any other killing.  Most abortions are murders, and the mothers are at worst accomplices - the '  doctors  ' are the murderers.	FAVOR
3385	abortion	The only real advocacy for pro-life is the thought of killing a child. It's living tissue I'll give you that, but would you have a C-section at 2 months and call it a birth? No. Because it's not truly a being yet, is it?And if you're going to make the argument that stopping a child from existing is murder, in that case, sex without procreation is murder, or for that matter, not deciding to have a child at any point is murder.The only event horizon would be life at conception. That's purely a religious claim. A conscious human being cannot be contained within 2 cells.	FAVOR
3386	abortion	"""Those people deserve that choice even if it means that a life won't enter this world.""So then the baby doesn't have a chance at live? The chance to choose anything!? Ever?People deserve choice. But the unborn deserve a chance to live."	AGAINST
3387	abortion	It's not a good compromise because there is not over whelming consensus, among scientists, theologies or philosophies that induced abortions are taking away human lives. Since abortions can also occur naturally, would it be considered involuntary manslaughter?Unfortunately just to think or believe something is so does not make it so. What you are trying to present as a compromise is nothing more than allowing the state to decide the morals rather than a federal judge, in this case, hoping that the some of the states will decide that your morals are better than the morals of others. This is not a compromise at all, just wishful thinking that the pro life side has in the attempt to gain a legal precedent in its favor.On what basis does the pro life side form their opinion that   abortion   is murder? On what basis do they define life? These are not questions for which one can just legislate answers. And to change the laws from what they are now, these questions have to be answered. I would like to see the philosophical, legal, theological and scientific proofs they have to reach their conclusion. Belief alone doesn't cut it for me, I mean come on, some people believe in the strangest of things and never have the least bit of evidence to support their beliefs.When dealing with a question as serious as this, we should expect a little more than some people's beliefs.	FAVOR
3388	abortion	I just want to say I am   pro life   in these matters. If I knock up a girl I would want to keep the baby. Mostly due to my superior physical genetics;) However I am grateful for the CHOICE to keep him/her. Because of that I am pro choice. If somebody wants to have a word that rymes whith shushmorshin then let them. Odds are they will be filled with guilt and anguish that will cause more of a hardship than the child ever would have. I am and will remain however pro free will aka pro choice. Love it or hate it other people have a choice too.	FAVOR
3389	abortion	Religious dogma is impervious to logical arguments.To call two cells a person demonstrates this fact quite well I think.If they really cared about human life they'd be in Darfur doing something about that holocaust.	FAVOR
3390	abortion	I donÃ•t care to debate nor discuss your convoluted justifications for destroying a human fetus or embryo. Don't abstract a fragment of a statement for your propaganda.Pick and choose what you want in order to justify yourself?Do you work for FoxNews?	AGAINST
3391	abortion	And the logic follows. If you don't want to have an   abortion  , don't have one.	FAVOR
3392	abortion	Damn thats a good point, I never thought about it that way. If abortion was illegal it would just have women revert to the old ways IE close hangers. Or women would just say they were raped to get an abortion in the end it would be terrible for the feds to make abortion illegal, also I think it should be women deciding this not men. If women were trying to tell us men not to masturbate what would we tell them?	FAVOR
3393	abortion	" Under a ""veil of ignorance"", the unborn would adopt a pro-life social contract The ""veil of ignorance"" is a notion put forward by liberal philosopher John Rawls. This idea relates to the social contract people would adopt if they were effectively unborn spirits under a ""veil of ignorance"" regarding where they would ""end-up"" in life. The conclusion is that everyone would adopt a social contract that hedges against poor outcomes if they get the ""short-end of the stick"". Abortion could be considered the ""shortest stick"" (death - no life at all), so it is likely that, under a ""veil of ignorance"", the unborn would would adopt a pro-life social contract. It is notable that this social contract theory is tenant of liberal thought, and yet liberals are most supportive of abortion. There may be an inconsistency there. "	AGAINST
3394	abortion	if you keep abortion legal than you should make murder legal. if you can chose you don't want you baby alive than you should chose that you don't want someone else to be alive and kill them. it is all the same and what kind of world would this be if murder was legal.	AGAINST
3395	abortion	"""Everything happens for a reason""? So incest, pedophilia, rape, and abuse are results of reason?!? There is nothing reasonable about raising a constant reminder of a cruel crime. Those opposed to any type of induced abortion have no idea what its like for a child to carry the burden of being the offspring of abuse. It is a fact that unplanned/unwanted children are more likely to be subjected to abuse and neglect--continuing the cycle. Stopping that cycle of abuse is easy. It just takes one outpatient appointment."	FAVOR
3396	abortion	"TWO""If I was arguing for conception as THE start, I would begin with a nasty question: What is the first stage of human development called, and when does that stage begin? Many people will answer zygote and you will have them.  However, the correct answer is gamete - beginning at meiosis.""Well, that is kind of funny to me in a way.  I'm   pro-life   but an atheist, and pro-life atheists get annoyed when they're arbitrarily lumped together with religious fundamentalists.  Someone asked me (around the time of the election when Palin caused talk of abortion to spike) how I could be an atheist and be opposed to contraception.  I said that that was a stupid question because ""I don't care what people do with their gametes"".  I told him that the government could put condom dispensers on every street corner and I'd mostly be concerned about it leading to more littering.Gametes aren't humans.  They are human cells, but I'm sure you'll agree that's saying a different thing.  A fertilized egg is a human cell too, of course, but with a difference: that single cell grows until it is indisputably a human being.  No gamete ever does.  That is why a human life begins (starts to grow into an adult human) immediately after conception.In the abortion debate, pro-choicers like to say that a fetus isn't a person, but merely a _potential_ person.  (Of course, they reserve the right to define ""person"" to themselves!)  Two gametes are a potential human if one is a sperm and the other is an egg.  If they're both sperm or both, then you don't have any potential humans.  You've just got human parts.  A chlorine atom isn't (table) salt, and neither is a sodium atom.  You need both, and you need them to bond before you have salt.  A sperm and an egg are analogous to the chlorine and the sodium.  Until you get both, you only have pieces.  Until the two fuse, you may have a full set of pieces, but that's _all_ you have.  When I was younger I took apart a calculator once.  I still had all of the parts, but I didn't have a calculator anymore    :)"	AGAINST
3397	abortion	It kills the unborn baby. The baby ceases to exsit so it is murdered.	AGAINST
3398	abortion	" It is wrong to consider abortion a tool in crime prevention  Stephen J. Dubner and Steven D. Levitt, from the essay Where Have All the Criminals Gone? Want to understand what made the crime rate drop in the 1990s? Look back to the Roe v. Wade decision in 1973 - ""To discover that abortion was one of the greatest crime-lowering factors in American history is, needless to say, jarring. It feels less Darwinian than Swiftian; it calls to mind a long ago dart attributed to G. K. Chesterton: when there arenÃ•t enough hats to go around, the problem isnÃ•t solved by lopping off some heads. The crime drop was, in the language of economists, an 'unintended benefit' of legalized abortion. But one need not oppose abortion on moral or religious grounds to feel shaken by the notion of a private sadness being converted into a public good.""[34]"	AGAINST
3399	abortion	No, it's not.(How's it feel to read a terrible argument?)	FAVOR
3400	abortion	"""In the case of a fetus prior to somewhere between 21-23 weeks, it is not capable of survival outside the uterus in which it originally implanted (at least, not at this stage of our medical/technological development). It is, in essence, a ""parasite"" (by strict medical definition) upon the mother's system. It is reliant upon continued physical embedding within the mother's system to survive""My objections:The fetus didnt implanted because he decided to do so. The resposability of it's existence is it's mother's that engaged in a sexual intercourse. This is a basic difference from a parasite. The mother is not just some adult willing to take care of the child. There is a unique and beautiful connection between these two beings and it makes the case against   abortion   even more painful for this.So the only two things that the fetus needs is: food (by aid of the umbilical cord) and space (the womb). Just as babies need food (mother's milk) and a place to stay (it's mother's home). The only difference is that the babies needs can be replaced by any willing adult while before week 21-23 the baby needs can be covered by one person only:  it's mother. Isn't it sad that the one person that with her acting brought him to life and the one person who as the duty to take care of him is the one person that wants to terminate his life?"	AGAINST
3401	abortion	Why make this a legal debate, its a womans choice, not a congresional descussion. Why make it illegal then make women be forced into back alley abortions or worse bathtub abortions.	FAVOR
3402	abortion	"Huh?Are you suggesting that women don't enjoy exercising their reproductive capacity and desire sexually competent men to Make Love with? You could be an exception and from an outdated group of ""persons"" carrying what is know as feministic attitudes. With my age group, that is so gone, and we are so much together on a common ground.Why am I not surprised that it's all men's fault here? speaking of control..wouldn't you just love to be in control over every man's sex?. I hope thought that the time does come that you feel equal like the Ladies that I know do.How many abortions are in fact a result of rape and not just a form of birth control or philosophical defiance? "	AGAINST
3403	abortion	It is a mistake to base our morality on actions taken during a war that could have ended civilization as we know it.  Things were done that might not have been done in less dire circumstances.  Unless a mother is actually going to die unless an   abortion   is performed, I do not see how wartime morality applies to an abortion in a suburban clinic.I hope you are right about it being difficult to end up like the Nazis.  However, I think it is critical that we stamp out elements of their ideology whenever it raises its ugly head.With regard to the rights of the mother, unless she was actually going to lose her life, I do not see how her interests would outweigh the child's right to life.  In addition, the mother probably does not recognize the trauma the abortion will inflict on her until it is too late.	AGAINST
3404	abortion	I also come to believe that every one of us has the right to do what we think is right. Gays wants to get married, well that's their choice and I think we should respect that. But I am never pro of abortion this is way too sensitive. I think we should treat life more sacredly. It is morally wrong as we all know. It was killing another human life no matter what we push that fetuses are not babies.	FAVOR
3405	abortion	"The central theme running through your response is sex; all these issues revolve around that central theme. The question seems to be one of teleology; what is it for, how should we use it and how do we deal with it's consequences.As we, as a culture, remove the boundaries of sexual conduct and blur the distinctions it begins to have serious consequences we don't immediately recognize. The logical out working of the sexual revolution may be missed by those who advocate for it, but it is not missed by the youth. They are looking to us as adults to clue them in on how the world works and we are sending them a clear message about sex. While we sit here and debate these issues and argue that it doesn't hurt anyone and kid ourselves into thinking we are liberating ourselves; we find our children living in fear and bondage to sexual harassment at school. Girls are primarily the target and their grades suffer because of it.The sexual revolution has liberated no one; it has only dragged thousands into bondage and slowly ate away at a once great nation. You need to really think hard about the ramifications of what you are arguing for. Because you may not see the cost but that doesn't mean there isn't one.If we as a nation are to avoid going the way of the Roman Empire we need to restore the boundaries of sexual conduct. Our streets are flooded with sexual perversion because we have removed all limitations to sexual expression. The last limitation that remains is ""age of consent"" and that is being vigorously attacked. The only safe place of expression for sex is within the context of a life long heterosexual marriage. But we have told the youth otherwise; so are we surprised by the way they conduct themselves in school among classmates of the opposite sex. We don't need to be telling kids to use a condom if they want to sexually express themselves. We should be telling them that sexual expression is only appropriate within the context of a life long heterosexual marriage. Are we so foolish as a people to think that this is the first time in history a people has moved in this direction? They indeed have and the results are always devastating. Why should we think they will be any different for us.""Those who don't know history are destined to repeat it.""-Edmund Burke (1729-1797)"	AGAINST
3406	abortion	I agree in the cases of severe health dangers to the child and/or mother, abortion can be the best option. But as far as the rape situation, I've gone back and forth a bit thinking about it...and I just don't think that it can justify taking a human life, As horrid as that situation is. The fact that women will get illegal abortions is really not a sufficient reason to make it legal, unless there is proof that just as many abortions will occur either way. Abortion, in my opinion, is taking a human life. Should we really make that legal?	AGAINST
3407	abortion	Sounds like a fair man|women there that is one thing that makes this country great because we can make choice's  and I am glad to hear someone agree with me I tip my hat to ya....thank ya	FAVOR
3408	abortion	"""I would carry the old man while the old man carries the baby and I'll die trying saving them both.""I didn't say baby, I said child. And I stipulated that there is no way that you can save both, you can only save one or neither. ""you know what, ...it's that kind of line of thinking that brought about the the Holocaust and the killing of the lame, blind and old in Uganda and similar shameful acts around the world in different countries at different times in history when all kind of lunatic tyrants arose.""No it is not that line of that thinking that leads to genocides. I am not saying the old man does not deserve to live. But if only one of their lives can be saved, it is better to choose the child. It's just like if you did not have enough food to feed your two kids and one of them was sickly and most likely going to die and there is no way you can get more food.A ball of cells is not a human at all. A rabbit would be closer to a human than a fetus. For most of the pregnancy the fetus is not even sentient. It does not even know it exists. It does not even have the capacity for suffering. The mother's right to choose what happens to her body is more important than the life of a ball of cells that is not even conscious."	FAVOR
3409	abortion	Which is the actual length of time, really.  40 weeks, in general.  I make the claim that it wrong to force a woman (by means of either allowing or disallowing action) to be imprisoned to her body for any reason.  More over, I find the claim that we must allow only medical actions that agree with nature to be preposterous considering the whole point of medical advancement has been to thwart nature.And if you find that it is acceptable to force a woman to give up her freedom for however long because it means that one life might live, you find it acceptable to say one person's life can not be free.... and this then applies to all people - including the life that freedom was tossed aside for.   Which makes little sense.If you say one person has no right to freedom because it's only for a short time, you make it allowable for every person to be enslaved to another for only a short period of time.  Freedom doesn't work that way.  Either you are free (in so far as the use of your body by others), or you are unfree.  This is one reason why Vietnam was so opposed.  Because you had thousands, literally, who were enslaved by the government.   And further to that, men like Cheney and Bush and Clinton and a host of others were able to buy their way out this enslavement.   Which speaks further to injustice. You join the military because you want to.   If you were forced into it against your will and principles of what you believe (for if you believed in the   war  , you would have enlisted), would you still hold that your life was worth less than others?  And if you hold that your life is worth less than others lives, why then should you try and force your belief upon me?  I owe my life to no one.  To be forced to owe my life to someone, even for a short period of time, means that I have no individual right.   This is the very foundation of this country... that I have the right of an individual.   I think I have said though, that if it determined that the fetus is viable - or even if the medical community is unsure but there is a possibility of it being saved, there is little difference between an   abortion   and a c-section.   If the woman does not want to give up her freedom and owe her life to a fetus, there is more than one option of abortion, at some point, that doesn't enslave the woman.  If this is the case, then it becomes the responsibility of us all to ensure that the life of the fetus IS protected.   This doesn't mean the woman must remain pregnant.... it simply means a change in procedure.   However, if this is the case - which I think it is.... it is not the woman who bears the burden of this extra cost, but the   society   that says life should be protected.    	FAVOR
3410	abortion	"Murray, John Courtney. ""Contraception, and the 'Liberal Catholic' Justification for Abortion"". The Church and the Liberal Tradition. [this article needs to be read and quotes drawn from it]"	FAVOR
3411	abortion	"infer (v)- to derive by reasoning; conclude or judge from premises or evidence-----I have stated in my previous arguments that you should not judge someone as a murderer and hell-bound if they have an abortion, and you disputed my argument. Therefore, I can infer that you are against what I have said.----I can see now that we have been arguing two different questions. The question is not about whether abortions should be banned or not. I already answered that they should, with there being exceptions for special circumstances. One of those special circumstances I mentioned was rape, and you disputed me on that circumstance. That does not mean that I am against abortions being banned; I would like for that to happen. I think you got mixed up when I said that and inferred wrongly. -----Practically all Christians are against abortions, because it goes against what the Bible says. I am against them too, however I do not believe it is right to judge someone in a negative manner if they do have an abortion. The same goes for gays as well concerning harassment. You shouldn't judge someone, period. When you judge someone, it eventually leads to hate, and God will not forgive you if you do not forgive you neighbor for what they have done. People make bad decisions every day. Their (people having abortions) sin should not be ridiculed upon or emphasized as one of the worst sins, because we also commit sin, and God looks at every sin the same way, except for the one I mentioned in my previous statement. You should tell them that what they are doing is sinful and pray for them, but I don't believe you should harass them and look down upon them for what they have done.-----I am inferring that you are a Christian, although I may be wrong. Could you specify what religion you follow? I am a nondenominational evangelical.-----I get what you are saying with Romans 1:18-25, but what you fail to realize is that although a person has an abortion, that does not mean that they cannot be forgiven of it and become Christians later on. The only sin in which you cannot be forgiven is blasphemy against the HS (Mark 3:29). You should not degrade them for what they have done, but encourage them to turn to God so that He can forgive them of their past wrongdoings. -----How very judgmental of you.You took it out of context. Read the entire paragraph and you will see my response. I also put in in bold in response to your other statement.-----Anyway, since your not to familiar with what scripture teaches.Wow, and you are calling me judgmental...-----note the part were Jesus says you shall not murder. About right and wrong; notice that Jesus quoted the Ten Commandments here.Jesus condensed them into two commandments for Christians to follow. See Matthew 22:36-40. They revolve around love, not murder.-----Hmmm...so let me see here. According to the verses you mentioned, you believe that you must follow the Ten Commandments in order to have eternal life? I want to make sure I understand your point of view, because I disagree with it if it is so. Romans 10:9,10""If you confess with your mouth, 'Jesus is Lord,' and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved. For it is with your heart that you believe and are justified, and it is with your mouth that you confess and are saved.""Ephesians 2:8,9:""For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith--and this not from youselves, it is the gift of God--not by works, so that no one can boast. For we are God's workmanship, created in Christ Jesus to do good works, which God prepared in advance for us to do""I can't go on until I know which religion you follow, but it is clear from these two verses that if you are a Christian, you are saved by faith in God, not by obeying the Ten Commandments. Paul touches on this in his letters. I don't have the time right now to look them all up, but I will list them later on if you would like me to."	AGAINST
3412	abortion	"It is amazing to see how the advances in embryology since the mid-70s have required   pro-choice   Catholics to rely upon doctrines like quickening and ensouling in order to justify their position.  Instead of addressing the question of when life begins, they choose to address a religious question -- ""When does someone receive a soul?""  Not surprisingly, they conclude that there is not a consensus answer.  Uncertainty is bliss.However, the issue of when human life begins is a scientific one.  At the moment of conception, a distinct human life is created.  An individual member of our species, with his or her own DNA, has come into existence.  That life may be cut short before birth because of miscarriage or abortion, but the life is a human one.  It is not going to be a puppy.  It is not going to be a pony.  It is going to be a baby.Evading the fact that life begins at conception may let people like Mr. O'Brien sleep better at night, but it is intellectually dishonest.  I actually have more respect for people like the feminist writer Camille Paglia, who is honest enough to admit that abortion takes a human life, but feels that countervailing interests mandate that we allow the practice to exist. "	AGAINST
3413	abortion	interesting that in the eight years of Bush and the years of Republican controlled Congress and era of conservative judges that th 1973 Roe versus Wad has not been overturnedalthough they claim to be Christian fundamentalist, they too have a use for abortions ... it not just Democrats that go to Planned Parenthood and private doctors for pregnancy terminations	FAVOR
3414	abortion	" Adoption is too risky making it a poor alternative to abortion Kristin Luker, Abortion and the Politics of Motherhood (1984) - ""Having a baby and giving it up for adoption, as pro-life people advocate, is not seen by most pro-choice people as a moral solution to the abortion problem. To transform a fetus into a baby and then send it out into a world where the parents can have no assurance that it will be well-loved and cared for is, for pro-choice people, the height of moral irresponsibility.""[21]"	FAVOR
3415	abortion	Senator Obama has promised to sign the Freedom of Choice Act if elected President.  With the majorities the Democrats will have in both houses of Congress, that legislation will certainly arrive on President Obama's desk and he will certainly sign it.With the stroke of his pen, abortions will be paid for, here and abroad, with federal funds, and the reasonable parental notification and consent laws that have widespread support will be swept away.So, in fact, this election will be a referendum on FOCA.	AGAINST
3416	abortion	You're right that there is very little difference between a full-term fetus and a newborn infant.  However, if you understood my argument as claiming anything other than this, then you misread what I wrote.  The distinction I am making is between a full-term infant (or even a pre-term infant with sufficient gestational development to survive outside the womb) vs. a fetus of insufficient gestation to allow it to survive through the independent functioning of its own bodily systems - in other words, a fetus which has not yet reached a point where it is viable outside of the uterus (with whatever medical interventions are available).  This is why I would draw the line at somewhere around 20 weeks gestation, but would prefer to see abortions, if they must be performed, take place within the first few weeks after conception.  The further the pregnancy progresses, the murkier the line becomes.  And when the point is reached where the fetus, if delivered, would have even a small chance of survival outside the uterus, I believe the line is drawn and crossed.  Any   abortion   after that point should be ONLY done if the fetus is clearly physically non-viable, such as an anencephalic fetus.  If a pregnancy must be terminated to save the life or health of the mother after the point of viability outside the uterus, and the fetus is normal and healthy, then I believe a vaginal or cesarean delivery should take place and every effort made to save the life of the pre-term infant.  Of course, this is what generally happens in such cases, anyway.  Very few mothers facing a health crisis late in pregnancy and needing to bring their pregnancy to a close would desire to lose the baby in addition.  Arguments which imply this are really quite bizarre.  	FAVOR
3417	abortion	This is ridiculous. Yes I've seen all of this stuff. I even had a girlfriend who had an abortion. You're being ridiculous, just because you feel something doesn't make it true.	FAVOR
3418	abortion	"The funny thing is you say that I say a whole lot of things that I can't find in the things I write. Maybe you could help me out and tell me were I said such things like: ""Hitler was a murderer for having abortions""""You have no right to tell someone that their sin is worse than yours"". I said that?""Should you judge someone as a murderer and hell-bound if they have an abortion?"" Were did i do that? I thought the question was; Should abortion be banned. And help me with this one: ""We are talking specifically about whether you should judge someone as a murderer and hell-bound if they have an abortion.""Who is judging someone as a murderer and hell-bound if they have an abortion?Please show me were I said that.Just for the record; my view is that everyone of us, apart from the grace of Jesus Christ, is hell bound for the high crime of cosmic treason, aka idolatry. Romans 1:18-25Romans 1:25 who exchanged the truth of God for the lie, and worshiped and served the creature rather than the Creator, who is blessed forever. Amen.If I remember correctly you responded to a post I made quoting Greg Koukl who i thought made a very good point regarding the question of this debate and you responded with, you can't use that, it's Christian. How very judgmental of you.Anyway, since your not to familiar with what scripture teaches. I'll help you out. And note the part were Jesus says you shall not murder. About right and wrong; notice that Jesus quoted the Ten Commandments here. That's an objective standard, not a subjective one as you suggest. And he says in the last passage that all men will be judged by this law. That means it applies to all men, at all times and in all places. that is the polar opposite of what you say.So one of you has got to be wrong.Matthew 19:17-19 17 So He said to him, Ã’Why do you call Me good? No one is good but One, that is, God. But if you want to enter into life, keep the commandments.Ã“18 He said to Him, Ã’Which ones?Ã“Jesus said, Ã’ Ã”You shall not murder,Ã• Ã”You shall not commit adultery,Ã• Ã”You shall not steal,Ã• Ã”You shall not bear false witness,Ã• 19 Ã”Honor your father and your mother,Ã• and, Ã”You shall love your neighbor as yourself.Ã•Ã“Matthew 5:20 For I say to you, that unless your righteousness exceeds the righteousness of the scribes and Pharisees, you will by no means enter the kingdom of heaven."	FAVOR
3419	abortion	By the end of the 1st trimester a baby . . . has started to develop blood vessels, brain, spinal cord, nervous system, eyes, ears, arms, legs, mouth, nose, thyroid gland, tongue, color of retina, fingers, toes, joints, teeth, facial muscles, eyelids, fingerprints, fingernails, vocal chords, and taste buds the heart has begun to beat makes reflex movements, swallows, and practices 'breathing' every organ is presentI want you to read that and tell me this is not a baby.	AGAINST
3420	abortion	Everyone knows that God has given us something we call free will. You are able to do whatever you please, but of course there are consquences. If you cannot make your own choice on who to vote for then there no longer is free will. There is only one ruler we must answer to and VOTE for and that is the Jesus himself. We have always be able to make our own decisions but your conscience tells you what is right and wrong. So in election time there will be no right man in God's eyes because he is the only one. Your choice i your choice. The only one you have to answer to his him. Voting for anyone who believes in the death penalty is also wrong if you want to put it into cases as this. Like my pastor says God doesn't believe in any type of death. From the WOMB to the TOMB	FAVOR
3421	abortion	Exactly how would you enforce such a law? Would you set up gov't intervention to pregnancy test ALL eligible females monthly? What would be the cost? Will it be a federal program or a state program? What if a woman has a miscarriage? How will they prove that. What you're all asking for is a police state in a woman's uterus. You're basically calling it Government Property. When you do these things, you violate a woman's civil rights. Once you take away a woman's civil rights, then the gov't will just move on and take everyone's away. Then you can just relax in your ChristoFascist America.	FAVOR
3422	abortion	" No woman ""wants"" an abortion; it is only the least bad alternative Women do not ""want"" abortions. They find themselves in a position in which abortion is the less bad between bad alternatives. This argument is important in explaining that abortion is not about a malicious desire to ""kill babies"" or even to express their right to choose; it is about allowing women to make the best choice that they can."	FAVOR
3423	abortion	"Whether or not something is human is easily determined by examining its genetic code.  Human blood can be proved to be human, and canine blood to be non-human scientifically.  Whether or not something counts as a life is also a settled manner in science for most things- including fetuses (but not for some relatively odd things like viruses and prions). If it is not merely a constituent part, but  complete, and if it has the appropriate life functions, then it is a life.  (This rules out cases such as human tissue which has been made to continue to survive apart from the person it came from.)There is no question but that a new human life comes into being at conception.  Any scientist will have to admit that, and the US court system has even reviewed and verified that this is scientifically verifiable.The real position of people like O'Brien (who know better, but still say that 'it isn't clear when life begins' , because that is more marketable) is that in spite of the fact that a new human life exists at conception, they don't think that all human lives deserve rights- even the right to avoid being destroyed.  'Personhood' is a quality which supposedly is present in most humans after birth but which is never present at certain points when the life is still in utero.  Since personhood can arguably mean whatever you want it to mean, if it is necessary in order for human life to receive rights, then they can justify   abortion  .  'Personhood' is not a scientific term.  'Human' and 'life' are scientifically definable.Human lives begin at conception- this is an established fact.When human lives get ""personhood"" is unknown. "	AGAINST
3424	abortion	"""So can women be also (and usually are)"" pretty much evicts you from the realm of reason. But just for the sake of the readership, and also because I like playing with entrapped rodents between my claws, I will respond.I am not sure what you think you will accomplish by appealing to authority--of dictionaries or anything else. That is, after all, a formal logical error. There is no such thing as cognitive authority. The human mind is independent--metaphysically independent. We are all intellectually sovereign. Any definition, any dictionary, any idea, any doctrine can be challenged and overthrown if it is shown to be incorrect or irrational. Nothing is ""safe"" from the power of human reason. Irrationality can run, but it can't hide.In that spirit, I went over the concept of concepts elsewhere on this forum, as well as definitions, and I backed up what I was saying with logic. You say that they are unreasonable, but you do not say which ones or why. No where have you refuted my explications. That is because you cannot. That is because there is no refutation. If it existed somewhere in the annals of philosophy, someone would have found it and come back to this forum and posted it. It doesn't exist. I know this, because I did not develop all these concepts and ideas myself; I learned them from Ayn Rand, and no one has ever invalidated her epistemology.Therefore, I declare victory. You have failed. You are wrong. You have lost. I declare this not because you are unwilling to admit it (such a declaration would be the act of someone unconcerned with truth, but with plenty of concern for faking reality to achieve psychological submission of other human beings, or ""persons""), but simply because it is true and I have already proven it. You spew nothing but generalities, dodge the issues and definitions while you ask for ever further clarifications, and then pretend that such clarifications are ""tangent"" when you receive them. You have not presented any facts, only arbitrary assertions which you do not bother to support except with lexicographic irrelevancies, and then you proceed as if your method of thinking were axiomatically valid. By the way, I will state my axioms: Existence, identity, consciousness. What are yours?As for your last offer of either surrender or ""serious"" debate, as opposed to what is going on now, I think I have made it clear who has already won, and besides, I only argue on those terms that are based on reason, not on lesser systems of thought, for I do not wish to be brought down to such a level and beaten with experience.By the way, I refer to my posts, not Recommend them. Someone else is doing that, probably because they grasped what I am saying, even though you ostensibly do not. However, for all your disdain that I may have a positive opinion of my own posts (yes, I do), I seem to recall that in the beginning, one of your fellow anti-abortionists Recommended one of my posts and followed it up with a dismissive argument designed to buy my silence upon pain of not being liked, which would go back to what I was saying about some having as their first concern psychologically manipulating other people rather than establishing truth.Pwned."	FAVOR
3425	abortion	I have always been   pro-choice   and strongly believe that the decision to have an   abortion   is a strict matter between the woman and her husband or physcian. If she is single then someone she respects is fine as well.  Ultimately, its the woman, not the government, that should make the decision.  Barry Goldwater, a strong conservative, was strongly pro-choice because he thought like me, that what goes on in the bedroom, stays in the bedroom!  Today, if he tried to run as a Republican, he would be trounced in the GOP primary!  Abortion services, especially in the 3rd world, was until Bush became President, was one of many services that was sponsored by our government. Its always been interesting to me, that the very people who are so strongly against abortion, are the same ones against government-funded, pre-natal care and government-sponsored   health care   services to the poor-including   food   stamps and financial help to   kids   who have no   health insurance  ! Force the poor girl who has no way to provide for the child or was rapedto the pro-lifers, it doesn't matter-she must have that unwanted child!Over population is a major threat to our world and our standard of liv-ing!  I encourage abortion as a means of keeping the population under control-especially in 3rd and 5th world countries. Adoption, is a viable alternative and should be examined. Encouraging women who already have too large a family to support, to not have an abortion, is iimmoral and a further strain against the social welfare system in much oof the world. Keep in mind, that a lot of these poor, uneducated women, are the sole breadwinner-the husbands have deserted the family, or died of   AIDS   like in sub-Saharan Africa for example.  Why bring another child in the world to face hopeless   poverty   and misery when the woman could make an informed decision and have her pregnacy terminated.These pro-lifers in the U.S. are so disconnected to the real world-living in wealthy suburbs and   driving   SUV's-have no idea what its like ffor these poor women live day to day trying to feed and cloth their kids! Its so immoral that it makes me so sick!  They feel that it doesn't matter that these kids with bloated stomachs, living in filth, arfe better off than had their Mother had the abortion. I know thats a terrible thing to say but thats the reality for over a billion   children   iin the world who go hungry and have no future!	FAVOR
3426	abortion	I can only empathize with people who have to deal with secular problems with a religious foundation. Since our institutions and laws are completely (to the best of their ability) secular how should a religious person act? All I say is I'm glad I don't have to deal with those contradictions I can make decisions with no moral conflicts. Atheism is great.	FAVOR
3427	abortion	Perhaps you haven't heard, there was a detailed study of what factors most influence murder rates, guess what, access to   abortion   was number ONE.  The problem is that having babies stresses families who already have limited resources.  Further, it doesn't make sense to expect young men and women to be perfect reproductive human beings, then when  they make a mistake to  require them  to have a child.   (We  are programmed to reproduced; that's  how our specie survived.)  And, by the way, you only get 2 years of welfare because we don't want to pay for your mistake.Didn't Jesus say something about forgiving sins?	FAVOR
3428	abortion	Who are you to decide that abortion is right since you are looking through the perspective of a man?Last time I checked this debate is not reserved for raped women. That's like saying the people in Washington can only make laws if they have been in the certain situation.	AGAINST
3429	abortion	is Bush # 43 ancient history?during his eight years, he had a Republican controlled Congress that was NOT in a lame duck statuseven when it was so-called lame duck, are yah telling me that the Republicans would have voted against Bush administration abortion restrictions ?they had the 50+% Congressinal majority and could have forced a Senate filibuster debatebut i suspect that the Republican leadership primarily give the anti-abortionist lip service	FAVOR
3430	abortion	" Risk-taking and disorders lead to abortions; not the opposite This argument is partly a response to studies that claim that there is a correlation between abortion and mental disorders. The point is that this might be true, but the causality of this correlation must be determined. It may be that those with existing mental disorders are more likely to take risks that lead to the need for abortion, and that this is the explanation for the correlation, rather than that abortion leads to mental disorders. "	FAVOR
3431	abortion	Of course, it's not my place to decide someone's life besides my own.	FAVOR
3432	abortion	Science says it's not a baby.I beg to differ.Science said it is a baby.The baby has its own DNA and at nine weeks he has a heartbeat.A baby at twelve weeks is very complex.Every organ is present.This link lists the development of a baby in the womb.PLEASE READ THIS!!!!!!!	AGAINST
3433	abortion	"A fetus is not a ""person"" so can't have rights protecting it from abortion: Is terminating a fetus, which can neither feel emotions nor be conscious of its own ""existence,"" really be considered equivalent to killing a ""person?"" Some define personhood (qualifying for rights) through a set of criteria. A being need not exhibit every criterion to qualify as a person, but failure to exhibit most is proposed as disqualification. One list includes consciousness (at least the capacity to feel pain), reasoning, self motivation, the ability to communicate on many possible topics, and self-awareness. Lists like this are intended to help someone be able to objectively distinguish between a biological human and a person. An embryo is not a person because it satisfies only one criterion, namely consciousness (and this only after it becomes susceptible to pain). Other sets of criteria conclude that an embryo lacks personhood (and a right to life) because it lacks self-consciousness, rationality, and autonomy. These lists diverge over precisely which features confer a right to life, but tend to propose that they are developed psychological features not found in embryos."	FAVOR
3434	abortion	If a lack of an informed conscious means you can't make decisions for yourself, then Terry Schiavo's husband was right in starving her to death. She never made a formal living will so there is no statement on file as to what her wishes were.If your method of reasoning fails, any person who falls into a coma unexpectedly would be at the mercy of whoever has to take care of them. If you don't say you want to live, anyone can kill you?By the way, the 'church' tax breaks also extend to organized atheists; in case you wanted to file an amended return.	AGAINST
3435	abortion	All women everywhere must be give choice - of whether to have unprotected sex or not.  If a fetus is killed by an attack on a pregnant woman it is considered murder.  Obviously the same must apply in the case of willful abortion unless there are medical problems.Why do liberals insist on choice prior to birth but refuse parents the choice of schools once the child is born?  	AGAINST
3436	abortion	People always forget about Doe v. Bolton, which was decided on the same day as Roe.  Doe allows   abortion   after viability in order to protect the health of the mother, with health being defined in a very broad fashion.Consequently, atrocities like late-term abortions and partial-birth abortions are permitted, despite the viability standard established in Roe.	AGAINST
3437	abortion	I don't don't believe that   abortion   should be used as a form of birth control. I think that there should be a legitimate reason such as, family rape, rape, medical vulnerability, but a person who is willing and get's pregnant should not have the choice if the baby will be healthy and the mother will survive. I think abortion should be legal but with more restrictions. 	FAVOR
3438	abortion	Hiding behind the various religious beliefs regarding the beginning of life just evades the question.As a scientific fact, at conception a new human life is created.  Are we going to permit that life to be destroyed?  If so, will there be a certain point where we will no longer allow it to be destroyed?The answers to these questions determine what type of a society we will be. Unfortunately, the United States Supreme Court took the issue away from society and decided an unborn human being can be terminated at any point prior to birth.  A great deal of the divisiveness in the   abortion   issue stems from the fact that the answers to those questions were mandated by the Court, not resolved through the political process.  	AGAINST
3439	abortion	Bottom line....it is the womans choice. Who are WE to tell another woman what she can and cannot do with her own body??? you dont have to be for it...or against it....but if YOU were in predicament....where at a point in your life you were not prepared...wouldnt you want to be able to decide for yourself what to do??? granted....perhaps there should be a point in a pregnancy where if youre a certain amount of time along that abortion couldnt be preformed, but again....i wouldnt dare tell another woman what to do. i dont think pro choice is PROMTING abortion...but it IS promoting the right to choose. this is something i am greatful to have as a young woman.	FAVOR
3440	abortion	My point is you're forced to rely on your spouse having been a virgin prior to marriage as well. And you'll really only ever be 100% sure of your own sexual history. So really the only safe sex is to take a vow of abstinence. For life. There is certainly question to when life begins. You say it's life throughout. What marks the beginning stage then? The question is not what kind of life. What does that even mean? And of course it's not ok to kill your neighbor. Nice try. Your neighbor is a fully grown person, and does not live inside of you for 9 months. Considering that a fetus lives inside you (and if brought to term must be raised by you for 18 years), you have a little more say over it's existence. And, to paraphrase Obama, pregnant women tend to make the best choices on whether or not they are stable enough to raise children. I agree that we should have better access to contraception. We can certainly both agree that we should minimize numbers of abortions as possible. And access to contraception would certainly cut down on abortions. Sexual education about contraception is also key. Abstinence only does not work.	FAVOR
3441	abortion	In theory it sounds right that the mother also has rights and that the collective should care for the fetus, if they feel it has a right to live. However, what about personal responsibility? The personal responsibility of the mother to prevent life from forming if she did not want it? It's a bit late to talk about her rights over that fetus' rights that late in the game. If she used contraception and it was truly a mistake, I still say she has the ultimate personal responsibility. If she wanted to be sure not to conceive, use 2 forms of contraception, abstain...whatever it takes. Why should I, as part of the collective, be responsible for her whims? Or her lack of personal responsibility. That is the main theme here that is missing from our society...personal responsibility!So a mother can be irresponsible, even to the point of expecting everyone else take care of the child she doesn't want?	AGAINST
3442	abortion	"It is better to regret not having a child than regret having one It is clear that abortion is a choice between evils. Therefore, the question is not whether a woman will regret having an abortion; she will. The reason abortion is justified is that a woman will sometimes regret having a child more than she will regret having an abortion. Abortion is sometimes justified as the better choice between evils."	FAVOR
3443	abortion	"You wrote, ""If federal aid is being given out there is no reason that it should favor one side over the other, if done in consonance with how our country feels about this question than the aid money will be split fifty - fifty.""That is an interesting position.  It is one which frankly I've never thought of or heard before.  I suppose it would be 'fair', in terms of representing the public will.We could send money to groups abroad that counsel individuals to get abortions and campaign for   pro-choice   laws, and then send the same amount of money that tell women that they shouldn't get abortions and campaign for pro-life laws.It is an interesting idea.That would be even-handed and in a sense equitable.  I think that the MCP's way of achieving neutrality is more practical.Your suggestion would result in our money essentially 'balancing itself out'.  It would also ratchet up the level of conflict- sort of like arming two warring factions equally.  I'm not sure if that would be good (although I don't know if it would be bad either).It probably would not be a good use of tax dollars though.  It also would not be likely to further the humanitarian goals of our aid program."	AGAINST
3444	abortion	"your exact words ""But successful   abortion   carries a 100% rate of risk of death to the child""no duh, that's the whole point of abortion, is to KILL THE BABY. well actually that's MURDER"	AGAINST
3445	abortion	No because their wouldn't be abortion clinics if abortion was illegal.	AGAINST
3446	abortion	Could I ever personally see my mate go through abortion? See my seed fade away? No never. It would burn into my very heart and leave a big scar. But there are people out there who are willing. Those people deserve that choice even if it means that a life won't enter this world. They're just hurting themselves, but it's not my choice and I won't stop them.	FAVOR
3447	abortion	is not the right to exist under any and all sets of circumstances. No human being has that right.  And the development of the distinctive characteristic of human being's to reason and make judgments is the operative context in which the law defines the ages at which the full support of (recognition) and weight of (punishment)the law extends in any set of circumstances. Children, for example, do not, under normal circumstances, have the right to decide how they will be raised.  By the same token, parents do not have the right to beat a child into submission, either.  In both cases, it is the adults who are in judgment, not the children.  Since it is the adults who are considered to be 'of the age of majority' it is they to who have the right to raise their child and they who are punished for the abuse.	FAVOR
3448	abortion	"You know, quotation marks ("""") indicate that the words between them come from somewhere other than the writer.  In this format it typically indicates the words to which the author is responding.  So you should be addressing the author of the original post, but then you would be making my case.To answer the only worthwhile question in your post; very, very few.  If you're really interested, I'm sure a little research would give you several different numbers from which most people should be able to make an educated estimate as to what the actual number is."	FAVOR
3449	abortion	Although abortion is such a sadening thing that hurts me i dont feel that it should be banned. Every mother should have the right to do what they want to do and what they think is best.	FAVOR
3450	abortion	" Abortion is wrongly sought as an alternative form of birth control Kristin Luker, Taking Chances: Abortion and the Decision Not to Contracept (1975) - ""In short, there are no empirical grounds for assuming that women have an Âˆ priori preference for contraception over abortion.""[28] In other words, women see abortion as a suitable alternative to birth control. "	AGAINST
3451	abortion	It looks like we agree that the emotion of the mother does not change whether the act of   abortion   is right or wrong. Also, just to clarify, when I said that a mother's grief is illogical, I should have said that it is without logic, that is, based on emotion. There may be cases where the mother considers what might have come of the child, but when we're talking about a situation where the mother believes she made the appropriate decision but still feels grief, I would venture to say that most of the grief does not stem from a logical place. I might be making this more confusing, but perhaps it is clearer to simply say that someone can grieve both logically and emotionally at the same time, and the emotion may result from logical and illogical bases.Now on to the other interesting points you bring up. The first is sleep. This is indeed the sort of discussion I think we all should be having. If it is wrong to kill someone who is asleep, and our value of a person is not based on potential, why is it wrong. The first reason is that the person is conscious prior to going to sleep, and must go to sleep in order to sustain consciousness and health in the long term. Additionally, since we all must sleep, if you want to not be killed while asleep then you should not kill someone else who is asleep. A fetus has no conception of any of this, does not think, and cannot make any decisions. An additional reason I would say a live person has more value is that they have accumulated experience in their life that has value in many ways, both personally and to other people (friends, product of their work(s), etc).I would say that a person with advanced Alzheimer's Disease has less value than someone who does not have the disease, all else being equal. I do not believe that makes it ok to kill that person. It would impact a decision such as who's life I would save if I had to make a choice. I also think these terms extend to animals. Essentially, I value an entity's combination of types and amounts of cognitive abilities along with experience, potential, and the value others place on that entity. So to me, an unborn child has no value other than that the parents place on it when first conceived, up to some amount less than the value of the mother up to and even past birth.I welcome questions about what I've laid out as well as challenges.	FAVOR
3452	abortion	"The statment released yesterday by the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops directly refutes this argument by Catholic Democrats.  Catholics who want to see what the Bishops have to say on this issue should go to usccb.org for the statement.It should be noted that the statement was issued under the names of Cardinal Rigali, Chairman of the Committee on Pro-Life Activities, and Bishop Murphy, Chairman on the Committee on Domestic Justice and Human Development.  Catholics must fight for Social Justice and fight against abortion.  As set forth in the first paragraph of the statement, ""Unfortunately, there seem to be efforts and voter education materials designed to persuade Catholics that they need choose only one approach: either opposing evil or doing good.  This is not an authentic Catholic approach."""	AGAINST
3453	abortion	"So going back to abortion... you say that an illogical argument is not-debatable. So could you explain what is illogical about debating abortion? Clearly, just by being here you dispute your own statement. It seems to me that you are just going around the issue without proving that killing a non-fully developed fetus is the same thing as killing a 3 year old child. Prove your statement without evading the debate and calling it ""illogical"". - Or else prove why it is illogical to debate this."	FAVOR
3454	abortion	Ok let me clarify,But let me say I'm not sure why you are pushing this point, but my guess is that it has something to do with authority and you want to make a point about that.So let me modify what I said; the reasons commonly given for abortions are in adequate. In the case that the mothers life is endangered, it should be the case that the attending physician should make every attempt and exhaust every means possible to save the life of mother and child, Abortion should never be considered as an easy out, quick fix or money saving option, But if it comes down to it, I think every mother would lay down their lives for their children, it's the most humane thing to do and the most loving; to lay down your life on behalf of someone else. So even in this case I would still maintain that it should not be an option and I think it would be hard to give an adequate reason why the child's life should be taken and not the mothers. I think this maintains the sanctity of the child's life throughout and at this point the moral dilemma moves from the child into other areas. And the Husband and Wife should make the call, if circumstances necessitate it.	FAVOR
3455	abortion	"It is wrong to kill fetuses on the basis that they can't think/feel. On ""the fetus cant think argument"": Animal abuse, suicide and even cutting down a tree are frequently illegal on the basis that these things have some value and should not be destroyed, killed, or treated inhumanely. It has little to do with the degree of consciousness attained by a creature. If the destruction of any species with a significant value is illegal, what makes abortion any different?"	AGAINST
3456	abortion	Abstinence means to abstain. You can't get pregnant if you're not having sex and STDs are called that because they are sexually transmitted; no sex, no transmission.About desire, we all got them and we all have an assortment of them. The difference between children and adults is that adults learn to control them. Children act on every desire; if adults did that, society would not be possible. So what I hear you saying is that we should never grow up. Hey kids will be kids, right? Come on. Let's raise the bar and actually expect kids to grow up.Also, giving condoms is giving permission. You may be self deluded, but the kids get the message loud and clear. Sex outside of marriage goes through the roof with this approach and so does all the other problems associated with it. What I hear you saying is that it's best to create 100 problems to solve 1 problem. I'm sorry but that's what I call moral confusion.Final thought, Kids rise to the occasion when you challenge them. Yes, some will fail. But better to loose a 100 than 10000. And the converse is also true. Set a low standard and kids will meet it. That's because they are looking to adults for guidance. So, lets expect more out of kids and not less.	AGAINST
3457	abortion	During the Holocaust, approximately 11 million people were killed between 1933 till 1945. These people include Jews, homosexuals, Slavics (Russians, Poles, and others), Gypsies, mentally and physically disabled, Communists, Socialists, Jehovah's Witnesses, and Christians found helping the targeted people. That was fifty years ago and today Hitler and the Nazis are known as criminals and mass murderers. But why are the doctors who perform abortions not called criminals or mass murderers? From 1973 to 2005, over 46 million abortions have been performed. This is much higher death rate than from the Holocaust. For abortion the approximate death rate is 1.4 million babies each year. The approximate death rate for the Holocaust, however, is about 917 thousand people a year. The Nazis targeted the people they did because they believed they were inferior to themselves. Women who have abortions kill their babies because they believe that they are superior to these children. To this day, Germans have collective shame because of what the Nazis did, even though they did nothing to help. In fifty years will Americans have collective shame because so many abortions were performed? Will Americans be known as mass murderers and criminals?The subject of abortion and the Holocaust are very closely related subjects. The Jews were killed because they were unwanted and inconvenient. A child is aborted because they are unwanted and inconvenient. I want you to tell me the Holocaust was wrong and then tell me abortion is okay. You just can't do that. One can't be wrong and the other right. That is like saying rape is wrong but incest is okay.	AGAINST
3458	abortion	"It is hypocritical to protect fetuses but send men to die in war. Rick Claro - ""George W. Bush will protect your unborn fetus, then send your grown child to die in war.""[6] This is a common argument that undermines the notion of ""the sanctity of life"" and the notion that it is ""inviolable"". Clearly, in war, humans frequently justify killing other human beings."	FAVOR
3459	abortion	Deciding when someone has a soul is a religious question.  Deciding when someone is a person for purposes of the law is a legal question thanks to Roe and its progeny.Deciding when human life begins is a scientific question that is capable of determination.  At conception a new human life has been created.  How much protection that life is entitled to then becomes the question, which should be a political one. 	AGAINST
3460	abortion	... not saying it is going to be a law but that is what I got out of what you said. that you have decided that abortion is wrong to which I respond who are you to decide that abortion is wrong since you are looking through the perspective of a man? Is the rape victim carrying the baby not a WOMAN? is it not her BODY ? I would repeat everything I wrote but I find that to be somewhat pointless.	FAVOR
3461	abortion	No, I disagree.There is no right time to have an abortion.	AGAINST
3462	abortion	Throwing a dictionary at the problem won't make it go away. Definitions are put forth by men, and men can err or be irrational.	FAVOR
3463	abortion	But even if it were, you would have a very poor one. A fetus simply looks like a fetus. It can clearly be identified as such. Imagining it as a person doesn't make it so.	FAVOR
3464	abortion	"Mike said ""I think you're thinking of personhood, because there is simply no question about whether or not you are ending a life. "". Yes, I was referring to ""personhood"" throughout my post.  The idea of ""life"" in and of itself is not important to this debate.  This sound's strange, I know, but many things are ""alive"" that as a society we have no compunctions about killing. Many animals for food, insects as pests, skin cells when we scrape our knee.  All of these things are alive, but killing them is (for most of us) not controversial.   We even let people die when they are in a vegetative state (most of the time).  So ""life"" is not the standard for the debate on abortion.  The standard must be HUMAN life, which I treat as synonymous with ""personhood"".  With respect to a fertilized egg, embryo, or fetus, the question is When does it become a person?  Certainly not at conception, by my way of thinking.  Possibly not until birth.  Arguably sometime in between.  But aside from chronological definitions, the acquisition of higher consciousness characteristic of humans from birth onward is my functional definition.  I just don't know when that happens.  And since no one else does either, we should leave up to each of us.  Sid"	FAVOR
3465	abortion	"The issue isn't whether things die naturally (many fetuses die in the womb,bioloby is harsh) but rather do we as humans have the right to kill an unborn child.  One could argue that after a baby is born it could catch pneumonia and die (biology is harsh) but does that give you or me the right to stop the life of another person?  God says before the creation of the world He knew me.  Life begins when God planned my life.  He's the only one with the right to take it away. Not someone who can devalue others with a lot of ""intelligent sounding"" rhetoric. Have you talked to women who mourn the death of the children who they aborted? "	AGAINST
3466	abortion	"Abortion prevents victims of rape from becoming unready mothers| In cases where the rape victims cannot afford or is not ready to have a child, abortion can do both the victim and the unborn baby a favour. There are cases where school students are impregnated through rape. Pregnancy itself is a constant reminder of the sexual assault their underwent and might cause emotional instability, which will affect their studies, and subsequently their future. Moreover pregnancy might even affect the health and growth of the young girls. Besides, babies born to unready mothers are likely to be neglected or would not be able to enjoy what other children have, be it due to financial reasons or the unwillingness of the mothers to bring up the ""unwanted children"". "	FAVOR
3467	abortion	"Let's actually do something about this.  It appears that we can all agree that a fetus (the new, growing organism of a pregnancy beginning at the 3rd month) is a human and thus deserves legal protection.  Let's modify our state and federal laws to declare a fetus a ""full human"" and protect it.  This would make abortion legal only before the 3rd month.Now that we have some sanity, consistency, and are all on the same medical / scientific page, we can begin discussing the humanity of an embryo (the new, growing organism of a pregnancy up to the 3rd month).At this point we have to decide who gets to decide the humanity of an embryo.  Is it each mother's opinion?  It is a medical board's opinion?  Congress?  The Courts?  A nation-wide vote?  Right now, the Supreme Court has essentially answered that: each monther's opinion.  Is that really the right choice?  Each mother gets to decide when her pregnancy changes from a non-human to a human?  This doesn't make sense.  There is no standard, no acceptance of facts, only pure opinion.For now, let's fix the obvious: a fetus is a human and deserves all the rights of a 1 year old, 10 year old, and 100 year old."	AGAINST
3468	abortion	By the end of the 1st trimester a baby can think, see, hear, remember, and many other things.What is the difference between killing a baby nine weeks after conception and murdering baby nine weeks after birth?Tell me! I want to know.An abortion doctor failed to abort a baby and he was born alive. So the doctor took the baby and killed him. The doctor was not charged with murder but was charged with the failure to abort the baby.	AGAINST
3469	abortion	this is a tiresome argument.as long as people are buying slaves and people (women and men) wanna sale that slave, then we will have slavery regardless of laws, so-called morals, etc.the answer is adequate 1) slavery information and 2) improved availability of slavery since historically (stupid) efforts to slavery have failedHope that clears up the mental smog for you :)	AGAINST
3470	abortion	"Oh jeez, I don't know where you and that J whatever guy came from, but your critical thinking skills are absolutely awful on this topic.My point about the thousands of potential lives every time a guy cums are accurate.There are thousands of sperm, each ""potentially"" able to make a life if it finds an egg. This is every time a guy cums. Look it up. There stored in you, if you don't jack it or screw they're dissolved in the body or come out in your sleep. But it's a sperm holocaust literally everyday within our bodies.And I used that example to show J whatever exactly how silly the ""potential"" life argument is.Potential life is not a legitimate excuse against abortion. Because, exactly... like... I... said... we destroy thousands of potential lives every single time we masturbate, or don't masturbate, or even when we do have sex.Now, reread this twice if you feel a need to reply, and consult a dictionary if you have to, I'm tired of having to over-explain the simplest things."	FAVOR
3471	abortion	Ew gross that was so sad!	AGAINST
3472	abortion	Why should the woman carry out the child for a crime in which she was a victim and for a child she did not want to have? It could go both ways. Leave it up to the woman to decide.	AGAINST
3473	abortion	i most def. think that it should be still legal for those who have been raped. These girls would have been raped and then have a new situation they also have to deal with along with the rape, and that could be stressful. For those of you that says that the reason for it to not be legal is cause its murder, it technically is not murder because if someone is raped and then find out they are pregnate would be in such a short time spand that the baby would not even be an embryo yet. there are those situations where it is an embryo but it had no human connection what so ever. it has never created memories or even knows what is going on, so if it were to be killed by abortion i feel as if it would not really matter.	FAVOR
3474	abortion	At the moment of conception a new member of our species is created.  If nothing happens to him or her, in nine months they will be what anyone would consider a person.It is my opinion that it is not acceptable to destroy the unborn during those nine months simply because they have not been born yet.  The person each of us becomes is certainly molded by more than just our genes.  However, an unborn child who is aborted never gets a chance to become anything.I see no comparison between   abortion   and war.  Soldiers are combatants and sometimes they kill each other.  In an abortion an innocent life is intentionally destroyed.  The corresponding action in a war would be the intentional killing of an innocent civilian, which is considered a war crime.  	AGAINST
3475	abortion	You simply restate your opinion that a new member of the species is created at conception. I disagree. These are opinions.I see a good analogy between an   abortion   to save a woman's life, and a nuclear bomb to save a way of life. The scale of the tragedy is very different, as is the scale of counterbalanced benefit. These are lesser-of-two-evils decisions. We do intentionally kill innocent civilians, even now in Afghanistan. We regret the necessity of the larger war. We feel sorry for the innocent lives lost. We fervently hope that none of the casualties, this time, are completely innocent. We know they will die, but we launch the weapon anyway. Rules of war just require that we try to limit the deaths of innocents.Nobody is killing an innocent fetus out of hatred for the fetus. We are talking about compassion for the woman, who is undoubtedly a fully realized human being and may also be innocent.	FAVOR
3476	abortion	"""I personally believe life begins before conception, I decree that all birth control is here by banned. Oh wait it's not up to me, darn government trampling on my morals.""I feel the same way too! That damn government also keeps me from murdering others! Isn't that frustrating? "	AGAINST
3477	abortion	"A rape victim can put their baby up for adoption. Why can't a rape victim put their child up for adoption? Isn't this an adequate resolution to the problem? The only reason it might not be an adequate resolution are the risks and pains of child-birth and perhaps the difficulty of separating from the child. But, these objections are easily dealt with. First, maintaining the life of a fetus is worth the pains and risks that it might cause the mother. Second, there is no difference in separating from an unborn child (abortion) as compared to a born child (adoption).  "	AGAINST
3478	abortion	If you and your spouse have no STDs and you have sex with no one else how could you possible get an STD apart from a mishap at the doctors? The only safe sex is that in a monogamous marriage. there is no question to when life begins: it's life throughout. The question is what kind of life?So, if I make the choice to kill my neighbor using my own moral judgment; it's ok?	AGAINST
3479	abortion	"How often do you think an   abortion   must be performed or else the mother will die?  I would bet that is not even 1% of the total.Most abortions are performed because: (1) the baby would interfere with school or career plans; (2) the mother is pressured into it by a husband, boyfriend or other relatives; or (3) the mother believes the baby will cause economic hardship.For all of the agonizing that goes on in making the decision, in the end it basically comes down to, ""Baby, you are a major inconvenience, you have got to go.""In showing compassion for the mother, not enough emphasis is placed on the psychological trauma caused to the mother by abortion, which the mother is not aware of until it is too late.  That trauma is only now starting to be more widely publicized.  Perhaps you read last year about the artist in England who was pressured by her boyfriend into aborting her twins and then went home and killed herself.  Her suicide note was heartbreaking."	AGAINST
3480	abortion	"First, ""you people"" is not a very polite way of addressing people. Second, a baby implies birth has happened and no one disagrees about the human life of a baby. The problem is the pro life side trying to redefine a baby and moving it backwards until it means a zygote.Third, No sex may be a preferable way for you to live your life, I pass no judgment on that. However that is you, there are many of us that consider having sex a natural, healthy, beautiful fun experience and see no compelling reason why an accidental fertilization should be the standard of judging whether we are responsible people or not.Fourth, we have responsibility only after we have made the personal choice of keeping a fertilized egg."	FAVOR
3481	abortion	Does science detect that a fetus is metaphysically independent? No. Again, a potential is not an actual. Your criteria are completely arbitrary, nonfundamental, and do not survive the light of reason.Partial-birth abortion is an oxymoron invented by religionists to add legitimacy to their cause. An abortion is not a birth. A physician pulling a fetus out of the birth canal does not constitute a birth.In actual childbirth, the laws of nature induce a biological process which expels an organism fully developed to function autonomously - in a metaphysical sense.Exotic, borderline, or abnormal cases do not define the principle or category. The existence of Cesarean births does not in any way change the debate.	FAVOR
3482	abortion	"Pro-life militant groups act violently in opposition to abortion. Many pro-life activists act violently in opposition to abortion. There are many examples of the bombing of Planned Parenthood abortion clinics and the harassment of abortion workers. This is wrong, and undermines the case against abortion."	FAVOR
3483	abortion	Properly, animals and fetuses do NOT possess individual rights. Rights belong only man. Only man possesses the rational faculty. Do you intend to reason with an animal? Do you intend to instruct neighborhood dogs not to defecate on your lawn or you will file a lawsuit? Do you intend to caution a wild bear that he will be arrested if he attacks you? Animals do not have rights because they cannot reason; they must be dealt with by force.The fact that some yahoo somewhere decides to pass a law protecting dogs and fetuses does not suddenly mean that animals and fetuses are rationally entitled to rights; it simply means that irrationality has taken hold in that yahoo's district.A fetus becomes a person at birth. That would be real birth, not what evangelicals arbitrarily redefine as birth. An abortion is not a birth.No one is simply dismissing anything. Reason is clear on this: A fetus is not a person. And the moral position is that an actual individual should not be treated as a means to the ends of other persons or non-persons.	FAVOR
3484	abortion	"Criminal? LOL, I was invited to intern with the prosecutor's office. And FYI, falsely alleging in print that someone is a criminal is called ""libel"" -- or if you want to be technical, ""the tort of civil libel,"" meaning that I now have a cause of action to sue you if I like. (Ain't screenshots grand?) Congrats -- you just crossed the line between what is merely rude and childish, and what is actually forbidden by law!Please, by all means, go on making an ass of yourself. It's funny and it totally discredits your position so in effect I win twice . . .:Dlolololololol"	FAVOR
3485	abortion	attn Jstantall:so why did Bush change the law when he had a Republican Congress and receptive Federal judges ???you can't blame this on limp Democrats or socialist liberals	FAVOR
3486	abortion	Is it just me, or is there something wrong about the   abortion debate   being centered on Catholicism instead of   science  ?	FAVOR
3487	abortion	" The scale of abortions makes state intervention compelling Some argue that abortion is an individual moral choice that the state should not get involved with. Yet, when an individual moral choice is practiced on a massive scale, it becomes a concern for broader society and government as well."	AGAINST
3488	abortion	"You're defining ""living, human being"" as ""cell with it's own unique genetic code."" Right?"	FAVOR
3489	abortion	" A fetus cannot have a right to a woman's body to sustain its life No individual has rights over another individual. Therefore, a fetus cannot be said to have an inviolable right to a woman's body and sustenance from that body. A woman can, therefore, decide to deprive the fetus of the usage of her body (abortion). "	FAVOR
3490	abortion	"Legal abortions are much safer than black-market abortions. Mary Calderone, founder of SIECUS and medical director of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America, ""Illegal abortion as a public health problem,"" American Journal of Public Health, July 1960 - ""90% of illegal abortions are being done by physicians. Call them what you will, abortionists or anything else, they are still physicians, trained as such; . . . They must do a pretty good job if the death rate is as low as it is . . . Abortion, whether therapeutic or illegal, is in the main no longer dangerous, because it is being done well by physicians.""[11]"	FAVOR
3491	abortion	Up to a certain point, yes. I really despise all abortions that aren't performed for the mother's health, but rape is a little bit different. And even then, I would only want the abortion to be performed up to a month, maybe two, after the rape.	FAVOR
3492	abortion	Yes but we don't know if that unborn life could become somebody like Albert Einstein etc but it also could become a Hitler, osama bin laden and countless others. It's chance, we don't know who the unborn will become. Government should not place restrictions on what a female can do with to her body, because of a chance. Many people die before they have a chance to become somebody like Albert Einstein yet the evidence of their path is there to see, but the government and others don't worry about trying to preserve their life, just the life of a chance which could go any number of ways.	FAVOR
3493	abortion	"If your mother had aborted you, like nature probably did to a dozen or so other fertilized eggs before you, you would have never known. The states don't get to vote on every issue, get over it. Just imagine that we left slavery and jim crow laws up to the states! ""Life is life whether we believe in it or not.""what does that mean? that no matter what the facts turn out to be you will deny reality and leave your opinion to be guided by this ""belief""? And what if you were born in a country that had no restrictions on   abortion   whatsoever, then you would believe that way. How unfortunate that decisions in life are made because of the geographical location where one is born. Thinking, examining, and reflecting are worthy things to do during one's life."	FAVOR
3494	abortion	The truth of the matter is that it is entirely un-American to force one's viewpoints onto others. This is exactly what would be happening if we ban abortion, gay marriage, physician assisted suicide, etc. There are many Americans, all with different beliefs, customs, and traditions. To say that one way of thought is better than another alienates entire spectrums of beliefs. More importantly, it is completely un-American to take away the right to choose from over half of the American population based on the opinions of less than 1/3 of the population. I say 1/3 because that seems to be the usual percentage of Americans in agreement with the proposed initiative.We need to stop thinking of only ourselves and our beliefs and begin to consider the effect that proposing such a ban would cause. This is not simply pro-life vs. pro-choice. It is about remembering that one 1/3 of the nation's opinion should not infringe upon the rights of the entire nation.If one believes that abortion is wrong, the simple solution would be to not partake in an abortion.	FAVOR
3495	abortion	"Abortion should be legal. The government should never have the right to make decisions pertaining to one's own body and/or a decision to bring a child into the world or not. It takes the moral responsibility to do what is right away from the individual and this would cause us to become more and more conditioned to behave in whatever ways the establishment chooses to mold us. It would contradict the very core of what it means to be free.If we make abortion illegal, shouldn't we also make adoption? In case you don't know, the business of adoption is in the billions per year. Making abortion illegal would bolster this industry even further, and allow desperate people to become ""baby merchants"", for profit. An example would be a girlfriend of mine who needed money and decided to sell her eggs. What moral ground does that hold? Not to mention the financial burden more children would put on the American people in light of high inflation and low wages, health care costs, education etc. Forcing you to keep a child could very well sink many families into poverty. To me, the person undertaking an abortion has enough to deal with that they don't need my opinion on their moral character on top of it. They don't need my judgement because they're the ones having to live with that decision. And of course legal abortion would come with regulations to protect it from abuse. I think there's a lot that can be done to provide people the freedom of choice without allowing them to abuse that freedom, just like many other things in this country. If we make abortion illegal, adoption agencies might start to look like dog pounds.I think we need to believe that the majority of people in this country, and around the world, are good people seeking nothing more than the best chance at living a healthy and happy life. We are not all predisposed to moral corruption, poor decision making and ignorance. If we want to prosper as a nation we have to believe in our fellow man and that he will do what's right, however, that faith will not come without regulations to protect the system from those of us that would abuse it."	FAVOR
3496	abortion	Â¬When does HUMAN life begin?Ã“ should be the question asked.  Carl SaganÃ•s book Ã”The Dragons of EdenÃ• argues very convincingly that what separates human life and other nonhuman life is the development and functioning of the neocortex.  Therefore he argues that a rational acceptable legal compromise in the   abortion   debate should be that human life begins with the first neocortical EEG signals.  This happens in a human fetus near the beginning of the second trimester of pregnancy.  When neocortical EEG signals ends is also a rational legal definition of when a human dies.	FAVOR
3497	abortion	"First, I find it interesting that you intentionally choose the loaded term ""anti-choice"" as opposed to pro life to describe your opponents.  Of course the other side does the same with pro-  abortion   but that doesn't make it a sound practice.  Your argument should stand on its merits, not on emptionally loaded terms.Second, your argument that personhood is what matters is, in my view, a subterfuge.  What I can't fathom is why, when you cannot say when that is, any more than others can answer when life begins, you have no problem with proceed with abortion without an answer.  Whether the issue is life or personhood, the same problem remains.  If you can't determine when personhood occurs, you always run the risk of killing a person through abortion.In the end all you've really done is move the problem somewhere else.  You haven't solved anything."	AGAINST
3498	abortion	" Abortion worsens parenting by devaluing the parent-child relationship If an unborn child is seen as expendable, the parent comes to believe that their relationship with the unborn child is conditional and non-binding. During child-rearing, this philosophy can be very damaging for the quality of parenting. "	AGAINST
3499	abortion	Yes, this type of stupid hypocracy must be banned!The parents have right to kill themselves but not their growing babies.Many countries face a crisis due to this. If the abortio is not a safe mode executed, then it can affect the parent's health too.Friends, How can you accept the death of an innocent infant who never harmed you?	AGAINST
3500	abortion	it is simple - innocent simply means free of blame, not guilty, not in the wrong, etc.	FAVOR
3501	abortion	isn't it true that around 50% of all pregnancy's are not plannedisn't it true that the USA has one of the highest teen pregnancy ratesisn't is true that higher abortion rates are directly linked to the non-availability of contraceptionso why do we have abstinence-only policy's that are proven not to work	FAVOR
3502	abortion	"""becomes human"" = ""gets rights""   (?!?)Let's try an analogy: Suppose I asked, when does life begin... for butterflies and moths?1>Female lays egg2>Fertilization of the egg3>Egg hatches4>Larva's first moulting5>Wing disks develop6>Chrysalis forms7>Adult emergesI can't see where it would make any sense to argue for step #1.  The cell is haploid and (I believe) cannot (without fertilization) grow or metabolize.  One could argue for #'s 3-7, I suppose, but to what end?  If you start talking about gradually becoming a lepidopteran (or 'fully lepidopteran' or a 'lepidopteran being') despite being lepidopteran life, then you just seem goofy.  You can argue that the ordinary referents to 'moth' and 'butterfly' are the adults, but that doesn't have anything to do with the fact that from a scientific point of view, the term should be applied not merely to the adults.Maybe you already disagree.  If you don't, then consider that (IMO) the only reason to advocate for #'s 3-7 as when life begins for a butterfly or moth is that there is a concern regarding value or emphasis being given to one portion of the life cycle.  For obvious reasons this happens when the question is put to ordinary people about human life.  Ordinary people are not trying to limit themselves to empirically based determinations.  Scientists (qua scientists) are required to do just that.  They have every right to assess value, as ordinary people, but not from the standpoint of ""doing science"".  Value and emphasis (and especially the attribution of rights) are normative and arguably subjective.  Science is supposed to be empirical and objective.This business about human life with the potential to be fully human or to be a human being seems from my POV to be strictly applicable to one species.  If that is so- then how is it justified as being something other than normative and non-scientific?"	AGAINST
3503	abortion	"it does appear to be a catch-22 (have you read that book?... great book. ""there's a dead man in my tent."").that's why i proposed that if the medical community thinks it worth the cost and effort to support the life... it's a different procedure altogether and frees the woman from the enslavement of a forced   pregnancy   (as in: laws that ban aborted pregnancies).  that's the whole point.  that's what i've been trying to get across.  come on. it was the last thing i said, k.r.  there are some people on here that think that because i will never - under any circumstances... and i don't care if it meant that ten million babies would die - support the forced use of one person's body for the needs, wants, or expectations of another.  for whatever reason.... who think that because i would never support that, obviously i just don't give two shits about life and innocent beings. obviously, that's not true.  liberty and life are not separate issues.  life without liberty (and screw all the other kinds....  it's the freedom of simple BEING that we are talking about) is essentially meaningless.   this doesn't mean the freedom to walk around punching people in the face.  it is the freedom to walk around without being told that you may or may not walk around.  it is the freedom to speak without being told what to say or when and how to say it. This. THIS is the freedom that i am speak of.  the ultimate right of choice over one's own body.  OWN body. not that of others.   it is the right for which you have said you are willing to die for to ensure that is possible for others.  that is your choice.   if you had that choice made for you - as the drafted boy-soldiers of vietnam had it made for them - it wouldn't be free, would it? in fact, if you were drafted into the army, mr. richardson, you would be enslaved to your own country.   this is an issue of freedom, yes.but this isn't JUST about ""reproductive"" freedom, mr. richardson.  it is the freedom of the whole woman.    if you ban   abortion  , you reduce women down to merely their wombs and what they can do and define the woman as merely that:  a reproductive organ housed in skin and bone and muscle topped off with a useless brain.   the woman's woman parts are greater than the sum of her whole is what you then say.  i say: would you feel the same way if it were you? would you say: I I, say the I with feeling!!!I am worth less than my womb.    (ARE you worth less then one part of you? Is your freedom?)I am less than my womb.I have no right to do as I please [with my body] for the sake of my womb because nature has designated my womb to be the carrier.  how does that make you feel to know that you are worth less than a single part of you?...... mr. richardson, i never said you said abortion was unnatural. i mentioned nature and   medical science   because you did say it's merely nature that designs a woman to carry the child.   you say the child has no choice.   did i choose to be a woman? did you choose to be a man?   we had no choice in our sex.   i have a choice to not bear a child, though.  that is the freedom i have over my body, though i chose not the form.  it doesn't matter intent of lack of intent or accident or design of nature when a fetus is inside the womb....  if MY freedom is at stake... I have a right to keep it. my body IS my choice.  again. see the last paragraph.  because there are choices in the choice..... abortion is one until the life of the growing fetus outweighs the demands of freedom of the mother.  but that doesn't mean you can simply allow the enslavement of one individual to another.  it means that the medical community that has provided women with a safe means to something women have been doing for thousands of years must provide an alternative.  that's all.     there needn't be a catch-22.... there doesn't have to be a dead man in your tent, so to speak.you're the only person i feel like i can actually speak with about this subject (who doesnÃ•t just agree with me). so, you know... if you're still thinking i'm saying you're saying things you're not. well then, just tell me.  i do sometimes read things wrong.   i'm not fucking perfect."	FAVOR
3504	abortion	  (of a fetus) having reached such a stage of development as to be capable of living,  outside the uterus.  As others have pointed out, even the sperm and eggs, are alive. The unused die off by the millions. 	FAVOR
3505	abortion	written.  	AGAINST
3506	abortion	"Is somewhat questionable--Whether we can apply what's in an embryology textbook to be scientific fact--probably not.Yes, there is A textbook called ""The developing human: Clinically-Oriented Embryology"" that states ""a zygote is the beginning of a new human being (i.e., an embryo)."" This does not answer the question of ""what is a human being"" or ""at which point should a cell philosophically, politically, theologically be considered a human being."" It's an example of one scientist saying what they think."	FAVOR
3507	abortion	Abortion should NOT be legal. There are countless women in this world that can't have children or are struggling to concieve...women should deliver the babies - and allow the child to live a life. Just because 2 adults are not ready to care for a child doesn't mean that abortion is the only option. As a mother, I know how much joy my son has brought me...and believe me - if there is a woman out there that doesn't want their child - there are equally as many women out there that are dying to have one. Allow your child to be loved if not by you, then by another family.	AGAINST
3508	abortion	"If the collective wishes to maintain the position that an unborn fetus is indeed an independent or separate life from the mother with necessary rights and liberties of its own, I would suggest the collective express their deeply-felt convictions by allowing the mother to exercise her right to distance herself from that independent or separate life - regardless of its stage of development - to allow it the opportunity to survive on its own as one would do for any genuinely independent ""person"". If the collective wishes to impose its will that this independent and separate life survive despite the mother's personal choices - i.e., her values, it falls to the collective to take responsibility for that life to remain consistent in its collective beliefs.In the belief the fetus has rights and ought to have liberties, you cannot ignore the fact the mother has rights and liberties too. To deny the rights and liberties of the mother is to, in effect, contradict your belief a fetus has the same because it falls into the collective definition of ""person"". In light of the ""collective will"" in situations where a pregnant woman wishes to end her pregnancy, the only possible fairness to mother and fetus is to allow the fetus and the mother to go their separate ways allowing each to survive as best each is able on their own. The collective - no matter how large - cannot have the right to hold the mother hostage to the survival of the fetus by compelling her to carry an unwanted pregnancy to term, particularly if the argument is said fetus is a human being technically equal to the mother. The rights of one human being do not include the right to deny the rights of another. In that case, if one insists the fetus is a ""person"", neither said fetus nor those who wish to stand in unity with said fetus can insist the mother remain as incubator.If a ""fetus"" is, in fact, a person, let that fetus fend for itself. It has no claim to the body of the mother - if you wish to maintain the mother has no claim on the fetus. If, instead, you change your position to claim a mother has legitimate claim on the fetus within her womb, that changes everything. In such case, the mother has the right to abort at a time and place of her choosing.The collective - no matter how large in number - has no legitimate claim to the body of an individual woman or to the bodies of all women. Neither individual nor collective rights extend far. They cannot because the source of individual rights are an individual life. The source of collective rights are the individual rights of its members and ONLY of its specific members. Those collective rights cannot extend to the lives of non-members of the collective, said collective in this case being those who oppose   abortion   or a ""majority"" that supports imposing its will onto a potential mother's body."	FAVOR
3509	abortion	"I have read your responses in various places. Thank you for being so thoughtful regarding this subject. If the question was precisely defined we might come to terms. They talk about the issue of   abortion   and then ask a nonsensical question, which needs to be interpreted in a context before it can be answered. My various posts, which you have responded to, have been themselves responses. The context has varied somewhat between philosophical, scientific, and legal.The theme to my thoughts is that I deny that there is a singularly important event in the life cycle of humans. We are Homo sapiens at every point and alive at every point. The parts of us that are new and unique appear at several different places in the cycle.In moral terms, I argue that it is morally wrong to purposefully destroy a fetus at any stage. However, I deny that a fetus is equal at every stage. The wrongness increases as we acquire the parts that make us unique, complex, and eventually sentient.If I was arguing for conception as THE start, I would begin with a nasty question: What is the first stage of human development called, and when does that stage begin? Many people will answer zygote and you will have them. However, the correct answer is gamete - beginning at meiosis. We have a brief haploid period in our life cycle, which occurs at the very beginning of human reproduction. Gametes are as independent from their parent as a fetus is, so there is still the question about whether they are really distinct or just a part of the parent. Random events in meiosis lead to a unique genetic make up for each gamete. Another random event (which egg and sperm join) leads to a zygote with a unique make up. Zygote is the first diploid stage. So, if the question at the top was, ""When does the first diploid stage of human life begin?"" the answer would be, at conception. Aside: Now I could be belligerent and mention that when a human begins to burn resources on reproductive structures that is really the beginning - the point where a human starts preparing the next generation. This illustrates the nature of a cycle, there is always something before.This discussion of beginnings simply does not help with the broader question of abortion. The ideologues on both sides of the abortion issue want an answer that leads to a legal result. They both want to create the binary situation that I argue against - the worthless/important dichotomy as you aptly describe it. In the absence of people trying to make this dichotomy you and I would never have had this discussion. The minor distinctions between being a sperm with the potential to be human and simply being a live human would be an esoteric subject."	FAVOR
3510	abortion	I think it should be a choice for the person facing the question and noone esle business.I personally don't approve but that don't mean jane doe shouldn't get one if  you don't approve don't get one!!!where do  you stand on my opinion???	FAVOR
3511	abortion	In the third trimester it is actually safer to have a c-section than it is to have in an abortion.At nine weeks a baby has a heartbeat.At 4.5 months he can feel pain.There is no good reason to have an abortion!!!	AGAINST
3512	abortion	Late-term abortion is something that should be avoided at all costs, and I've been hearing a lot about it lately, mainly from people who were told that they should have one by doctors because their children may have down's syndrome (everyone that was told this didn't have further testing done because of the risk of killing the child (50% chance), and all were born and found to be healthy).It's something that should be taken care of before the child develops, but if it comes down to deciding later, it should still be up to the parents who created the child... It's sad, yes, but it's not our responsibility to decide who has to have children and who doesn't. Not everyone is happily married and ready, mentally, physically, or finically, to have children when they become pregnant, and we don't have the resources and in most respects, the right, to decide for people. I believe that this is the true conservative stance on this issue. Limited government, more freedom and leave the moral decision to be made by the moral beings who are responsible for the child, not the government.	FAVOR
3513	abortion	"A fetus is a potential human being, not an actual human being. Therefore, it has no rights. End of story. Whether it can feel ""pain,"" have a heartbeat, or have ""brainwaves"" is completely irrelevant and constitute irrational criteria made up on the spot by neurotic religionists with an axe to grind against secularism and naturalism. A fetus is an incompletely formed, biologically dependent proto-human. Emotions and religious doctrines have nothing to do with reality whatsoever. A fetus is not a person.But then again, anti-abortions are not in the least bit concerned with reality and reason. If they were, they would not say things like, ""your statement...is...devoid of any religious teachings."""	FAVOR
3514	abortion	I am saying it should not be the choice of a man, definately not saying this debate is for raped women only I just think that the people that make the laws in Washington should have women decide on this law not men since there are more men in Washington politics. No it is not really saying that it is common sense most laws . Manslaughter is illegal for obvious reasons people do not argue that it should be legal. Abortion is controversial and since it is we should have women making the final decision on the matter.	FAVOR
3515	abortion	"does the mantra of ""life"" apply to those already born? If so then is a person that authorizes torture pro-life (i.e. was Bush)? Is a person that acquiesced on torture pro-life? Is a person that starts unnecessary wars pro-life?In the end I'd find a person that is opposed to torture and unnecessary wars more inline with the mantra of life than someone who protects 4 cells as if it were a full fledged human being."	FAVOR
3516	abortion	AT NINE WEEKS A BABY HAS A HEART BEATONCE AGAIN I ASK YOU TO READ THIS LINK!!!!	AGAINST
3517	abortion	Even if the Religious Coalition's interpretations are correct, I think it is safe to say that embryology has advanced significantly since the various books of the Bible were written.	AGAINST
3518	abortion	"Let me clarify my position, since I misstated it. The first question that needs to be asked is "" what kind of life is it?"" If it is a human life then no reason for abortion is adequate. Therefore no further questions are needed.I find it rather disturbing that we want to have sex without commitments so badly that we are willing to kill the result of that sexual union.But isn't that just like human nature, everything is just fine until something conflicts with what we want and stands between us and what we desire. Then laws get broke, peace treaties ignored, property taken and people killed. But the most heinous crime is when we make laws to exonerate ourselves. When we call evil, good. We may be guiltless before the law but that doesn't mean we are not without real quilt. But praise be to God that He has provided a solution to the two greatest problems man faces, guilt and death. With God there is forgiveness, but not without great cost."	AGAINST
3519	abortion	"""This is a scientific fact, not a religious claim."" No, it is not a scientific fact. Yes, it is a religious claim. A fetus may be alive, but it is not a human being. It is an incompletely formed, incompletely developed entity, and that is why it remains in the mother's body. That is a FACT, and anyone who claims otherwise is ""making a political statement, not a scientific one.""It is with amusement that I watch the anti-abortionists simply try to pretend that this issue is now a matter of ""science,"" which they imply means only finding concrete parallels and precludes interpretation and analysis.Watch this: Birds possess a heartbeat. Human cancer cells have human DNA. Even rodents have ""brainwaves."" Those are ""scientific"" facts. Does that make birds, cancer, and rodents human? No? What is the difference? How do you ""know"" a fertilized egg has a soul? What ""scientific"" fact led you to conclude that?"	FAVOR
3520	abortion	It shouldn't. It's the parents choice, if you can't take care of a child you shouldn't have on in the first place. Although there's plenty of other choices to do with your kid like give up for adoption sell for weed what ever, it's nobodies choice to choose for the parents. You have your own choices, abortion can be one of them. Especially in poverty or if you're simply a druggy. Plus, we don't need another GANGSTER or drug dealer in the world. Just saying !!!	FAVOR
3521	abortion	"The real issue isn't when life begins, or what constitutes life. The question isn't when an   abortion   should be legal.  The real question behind abortion is the woman's right to her body. That is what I am arguing.You have failed to address the issue I have just raised.   It doesn't matter if there is a life living inside that woman, that is the woman's body.  Either she has the right to govern her own body or she does not.If the fetus can sustain its own life outside of the uterus - or science can advance itself to the point where this is possible there would be no debate.  As it stands, when you support the government's right to tell a woman what to do with her body because it ""saves a life"" you should be just as much in favor of the government forcing you give away one of your kidneys, or to undergo the painful process of bone marrow transplant even if you object. That there is a life involved in an abortion doesn't resolve the fact that this is a person's body that you are allowing government discretion over.  There is no compromise.  Either you have control over your body parts and what is done with them or you do not.  If a woman no longer wishes to host a life that is parasitic in nature and that life can survive outside the womb the medical community can help it survive.But then what?In this right to life that is supported, what kind of life are you supporting? If you are going to vote in favor of forcing women to do your bidding with her body, are you going to vote in support of using tax-payer money to support all the lives you are ""saving""?  Are you then going to vote that couples must adopt before trying to conceive through non-conventional methods (I.V.F.)?  Or should the woman then be forced to care for the child herself?  Should she be compensated for the pain and suffering that was forced upon her in the form of not only childbirth, but the physical ailments that accompany pregnancy?   Ultimately, you have to decide which is more important - your right to your body or the right for someone else to live.If you say the individual's right to his or her body is greater than the right of someone else to live, you cannot vote in favor of repealing Row/Wade.  If you say the individual has no right to his or her body when another's life is at stake, you should already have given away a kidney and donated your bone marrow for as many times as you're matched.  If you can prevent a person from dying and yet you do nothing, are you then murdering that person?.  How many people have you killed from your refusal to share your body? How many lives have I let die from my decisions to keep my kidney and my bone marrow? That some women choose to keep their uterus' (uteri?) intact through abortion isn't a separate issue. You're arguing in favor of forced sharing of body in order to save lives, so I had to ask. So which is it? Do you support the right to govern your own body?  Are you willing to be told what to do with any part of your body that can save a life?  That's the real issue. "	FAVOR
3522	abortion	Assuming he has a bank account..The point is that these things are never flawless. In fact they are life shattering for the woman. Being raped alone can ruin a woman, I couldn't imagine having to actually carry that baby. The thing is, you don't know what it's like psychologically, so you don't know what you're doing or who you're hurting by supporting this view.And you might never...	FAVOR
3523	abortion	So the right to kill a human being is a human right?  Great!  When does hunting season open?  [Please forgive the sarcasm of the previous question].However, one could use similar language in talking about a man's right to choose; that is, 'Only when [men] are able to control their reproductive capacity can they achieve true equality in society.'Of course, 'reproductive capacity,' and 'control,' are kind of vague; possibly meaning anything from abstinence to 'slaughter of children,' to 'wanton rape.'	FAVOR
3524	abortion	First of all, no one's saying abortion isn't killing someone, so please stop that scarecrow argument.The pro-choice argument is that aborting a fetus is justified in certain circumstances (health risks, rape, incest). Even in cases where the mother is simply unprepared to raise a child, I'd still argue abortion should be an option, since not all unwanted babies are adopted, and end up getting screwed up in the foster system.Ultimately, the pregnacy effects the pregnant woman infinitely more than it effects you or me, so it's logical that the woman is in the best position to make the choice about what she wants to do. I personally hope it isn't abortion, but it's not our call.	FAVOR
3525	abortion	movie with Schwarzenegger carrying the   baby   to full term. When that can happen, then you will be on equal footing with women on the reproductive issue. Until then please take your complaints to Mother Nature or   god  , whichever you believe to be at fault.	FAVOR
3526	abortion	A fetus is not *metaphysically* independent. That is the fundamental issue. The other types of dependence are worse than irrelevant: Every living thing is biologically interdependent.An embryo or fetus is what it is. No one denies the facts that I have stated about their nature. What is denied is their significance, in order to make room for a religious interpretation. There is no escaping it: Either reason or religion must be used to answer this question. And religion is not a valid basis for government. Further, reason clearly states that the burden of proof is on you to establish that a fetus is a person entitled to individual rights, not on me to disprove it.	FAVOR
3527	abortion	" Abortion opens the door to the sexual exploitation of women The existence of abortion gives men a little more of a safeguard against unintentionally impregnating a woman. As a result, men will be more aggressive in their sexual exploitation of women."	AGAINST
3528	abortion	"I still don't agree that it should be legal until the third month, because it's still a living thing, the mother is eating, sleeping, LIVING for the baby, until it can do it on it's own.BUT I do agree with you on this ""a fetus is a human and deserves all the rights of a 1 year old, 10 year old, and 100 year old.""i agree, that's true."	AGAINST
3529	abortion	"As in the past, you present a thoughtful question.  I will think more about this.For now, I will just ask ""What is Natural Law?"" and have we rights, after all, which are ""given us by our Creator, such as Life, Liberty and the pursuit of happiness?""Does that still have meaning, today?  And, if not, then are we ""in the soup"" or not?"	AGAINST
3530	abortion	Well we've covered a lot of ground. Let me see if I can tie it all together for you; knowing that there is a difference between proof and persuasion.What do abortion, premarital sex, homosexuality, pornography(including soft porn, the kind found in supermarket checkout lanes) and Ted Bundy all have in common? What is the one unifying thread that ties them all together? They all devalue human life by reducing it to something less than what it is. You agree that man has a nature and it is fixed. Therefore there is a way in which mankind ought to function. A deviation from that norm is therefore dehumanizing. Let me explain.Abortion; Renders the human a non-human and therefore it can be disposed of when an individual doesn't want it.Premarital sex: views other people as objects to be used for ones own personal pleasure and then discarded when no longer wanted.Homosexuality: An expression of self love. Using another person to express ones love of self and then discarding that person when they no longer please you. Pornography: The portrayal of people as objects of sexual fulfillment. People are viewed as objects to be used for personal pleasure and then discarded when you are done with them. Soft porn: does the same as pornography but in a more subtle form; very deceiving since it appears harmless.Ted Bundy; Became convinced through pornography that people were something that you used to bring pleasure to yourself and then disposed of . Do you see the pattern. reduce the person to an object to be used, use the person and then discard them. At the core of everyone of these is love of self. Use other people to get what I want and when I'm done with them I move on.Does the idea of using people like objects bother you at all? It does me. That's why I oppose all these things.Final thoughts:football does have morality as do all sports, it's called the rules of the game. There's a way you play that makes it football and a way that makes it no longer football.Pragmatism is is a poor method for law since it has no way of telling what the good is. Also do a word study on the etymology of the word ethic and tell me what you come up with. Because I may be mistaken but I thought ethics (ethos) were fixed standards and morality (mores)were changing standards.Giving ones self over to passion is to be ruled by passion and no longer reason; that's bondage to be controlled by your emotions and not your mind. If homosexuals don't choose to be that way, why then can so many walk away from that lifestyle and never go back. Their high suicide rate is because of people like you who tell them they can't change when they really want to. That leads to depression and eventually suicide. That's not a very loving thing to do.On moral relativism; if that's true then it's just your personal preference and why should I like what you do. About legislation: what else do you base law on other than what you believe to be right. But why is it OK to base them on your morals and not mine?I think the state should remain neutral on sex ed. After all it is the parents responsibility, not the states. Because when the state does it, they are pushing their morality on others who don't agree with it and using my money to do it. And that is wrong.About Abortion legislation, which this debate is all about. The state has already ruled on this issue, murder is illegal and should be. Roe vs Wade simply stripped a whole class of people protection under that law and denied them rights we all enjoy. So again the question on abortion is; what is it? If it's not human, no justification is necessary. If it is human than no justification is adequate. So I say, it ain't a chicken. Humans produce humans. Therefore no reason you gave for abortion is adequate.Also I like the idea of your debate; I'll be sure to weigh in on it when I get a chance.	AGAINST
3531	abortion	I would just like to add one more thing. Everyone who is for abortion seems to insist this should solely be the woman's decision. Why is that? What about the father? Why should he have no say in a child that he would have to bear legal responsibility to if it were born?Suppose, a father says he does not want the child and she has it anyway. He is still legally liable to this child. Now, suppose the opposite. He wants the child, is willing to raise this child without any financial support from the mother and is willing to bear all financial burden of the mother while she is unable to work. He should not have this right?	AGAINST
3532	abortion	Brad Miner's argument on the one hand approach the issue from a legal/question of   abortion   point of view to avoid scientific or philosophical arguments, but then goes to the scientific/philosophical arguments to avoid legal issues. Essentially, his argument is that we don't know, so for legality's sake we should say it's at conception, except this ignores other legal issues such as a woman's rights. He needs to either deal completely with the legal issues, or actually tackle the philosophical issues. He's trying to have it both ways.	FAVOR
3533	abortion	"Everyone has the right to avoid unwanted pregnancy. I think abstinence works best. I am pro abstinence and pro life. People that are pro choice and yet don't choose to be smart and avoid unwanted pregnancy are the ones that are ""killing this nation""."	AGAINST
3534	abortion	that's somewhat true BUT you can use an ultrasound and SEE the fetus, a living thing!!!	AGAINST
3535	abortion	The only comment I will make is about the use of Exodus 21:22-25. Read the full three verses:If men strive, and hurt a woman with child, so that her fruit depart from her, and yet no mischief follow: he shall be surely punished, according as the woman's husband will lay upon him; and he shall pay as the judges determine. And if any mischief follow, then thou shalt give life for life, Eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot, Burning for burning, wound for wound, stripe for stripe.Notice the use of grammar here. If NO MISCHIEF follows the premature birth, the man is to pay a fine of whatever the husband wants. However, if there is any mischief that follows the premature birth, the person who caused it is to repay eye for eye, tooth for tooth, right down to life for life. God considers that MURDER before the child is born. In fact, eye for an eye is a legal punishment for any adult injuring any other adult willfully. So here God is giving the unborn child the same rights as any adult would have under the Law.Please, next time you try to use the Scriptures make sure you keep your use within the context of the passage. When God was giving Moses these instructions He used specific language and didn't include a penalty for hurting the mother in these verses, it all revolves around the unborn child.	AGAINST
3536	abortion	" Abortion forestalls the potential societal contributions of a human being It may even wipe out the life of an individual that could have resolved, for example, the Middle East crisis or cured cancer."	AGAINST
3537	abortion	I could not have said it better.......Nonsense made perfect sense to me and my views...I also had 1 abortion after my husband had a vasectomy and I already had 6 children..I never ever regreted my choice nor did he......It is between me,doctor,husband and god......Not the United States government!!	FAVOR
3538	abortion	No they aren't. A gamete will not develop into a living human being on its own. It needs to meet another gamete and only then can two gametes create life. A sperm cell on its own will die unless preserved in some way, like frozen.	AGAINST
3539	abortion	"I don't think asking someone to assume responsibility for her actions is too much to ask.  In the end, it only takes nine months to carry a child and give it up for adoption.  You are saying it is OK to kill the child so that the mothers ""life"" isn't thrown away?  Please -- Nine months of putting a kink in a social life is hardly comparable to being put to death by dismemberment.  Abortion is being used by people as a way not to pay the piper.  If you don't want children now, don't make them!"	AGAINST
3540	abortion	"American Life League "	AGAINST
3541	abortion	It's not causing a premature birth, it refers to an accidental miscarriage.	FAVOR
3542	abortion	Abortion doesn't kill a baby because it's not a baby. It's an inviable parasite. It cannot eat or breathe on its own without the host (woman) so it is not its own entity. Therefore abortion removes an unwanted growth. If the fetus were a person than every miscarriage would be a murder and Mother Nature causes miscarriages in 20-45 percent of pregnancies. Are you going to accuse Mother Nature of killing babies? Or the host (woman)? I think not. It's not a baby. It's a bunch of cells.	FAVOR
3543	abortion	" Abortion often leads to regret, depression, and even mental illness Carol Everett - Ã’The product, abortion, is skillfully marketed and sold to the woman at the crisis time in her life. She buys the product, finds it defective and wants to return it for a refund. But, it's too late.Ã“[18] These feelings of regret often lead to depression and sometimes to a condition known as ""post-abortion syndrome""."	AGAINST
3544	abortion	"Well first off it's pretty obvious what makes it human, genetics.About thinking, feeling,seeing and hearing go watch the video""Silent Scream"" and tell me what that baby is doing."	AGAINST
3545	abortion	What evidence do you have for this?	FAVOR
3546	abortion	Sylvia,So are you suggesting that cats, rats, birds and dolphins do not think?  You ought to be more careful as itÃ•s a scientific fact that these animals all do think, and in the case of dolphins, might very well think more than humans do.Your argument is defining the differences between a Ã”human personÃ• and a Ã”human beingÃ•. A human person is a human being that is now interacting with its environment. It has a name, a personality, behavioral patterns, likes and dislikes, skills, etc. A human person is one you can touch and see and feel. A human being is a human person who hasnÃ•t yet had the chance to establish themselves. It is a biological entity that has yet to develop into a 'person'. Physiologically speaking, there is no difference. Placing a fetus in an environment that gives it more external stimulation to respond to does not make it any more human than if it stayed in the womb. By your definition, if a doctor removes a 28 week old fetus from the womb and places it in a nursery it is now a human. However, if a baby is born naturally and immediately placed inside an empty, dark, windowless room it is still not human as itÃ•s not interacting, learning and evolving from its environment. ThatÃ•s just silly. A fetus can not control the environment itÃ•s in nor should it be judged human or not by itÃ•s location. An unborn fetus has just as much ability to learn and interpret from its environment as one that has been born; they just reside in different environments.Regardless of whether we will agree on this point or not, if you read at the link I provided you will see that fetuses in the womb are in fact very active and reacting to their surroundings. They respond to touch, to sound and even to light. They are human beings who just happen to be living in the protective cover of their motherÃ•s womb, but whether in the womb or out, they are physically the same.You asked: Ã’Are you saying that if a fetus is terminated before 21 weeks, that's okay. You know it won't do great things. But if it's terminated after 21 weeks, then you know that one is killing something that might do great things?Ã“I use 21 weeks as a reference because thatÃ•s the point in a fetusÃ•s development that it begins to stand a chance of surviving outside the womb. My position, as stated from the start, is one of compromise; a woman should have the right to decide whether she wants to be pregnant or not and be able to terminate the pregnancy if thatÃ•s her choice. However, at some point the embryo/fetus developing inside her reaches a point where they are considered viable, and from that point forward I prefer to protect their right to live. I would prefer never having to take a life, so no, itÃ•s not okay with me to abort fetuses less than 21 weeks. However, I do understand the need for allowing abortions, hence a solution based on compromise. But just remember, every great human who has ever lived was, at some point and time, a fetus less than 21 weeks into development. You prefer to frame   abortion   as nothing more than a womanÃ•s individual rights but in doing so you trivialize the human life growing within her. ItÃ•s obvious to me that this is why so many people who favor unrestricted abortion rights spend so much time arguing that the unborn fetus isnÃ•t a human life. However, by all scientific definitions it is a human life and at some point its right to live should supersede a womanÃ•s right to abort it.You wrote: Ã’Abortion should be legal because it acknowledges and affirms a woman's individual rights.Ã“ But what youÃ•re really saying is Ã’Abortion should be legal because it acknowledges and affirms a woman's individual rights, including the right to kill another human beingÃ“. 	FAVOR
3547	abortion	I would rather lose a handful of women occasionally through botched abortions than sacrifice on average 1500 children daily to save those women.  If perfection is your standard for law then you are correct, however laws were meant to restrain. And prior to Roe vs Wade the law against abortion did that quite well, perfection? No. Made it rare? most certainly. And what happened after Roe vs Wade? abortions went through the roof. Laws are meant to keep us from killing ourselves off but Roe vs Wade does the opposite. it sanctions it. Consider Europe, within a hundred years, if not sooner, Europeans will cease to exist as a unique people group. Why? Zero Population growth. They're not reproducing and when they do, they kill it. Europe will be a Muslim nation within our lifetime, Why? They're having families. So please tell me why we should follow the Europeans into extinction?	AGAINST
3548	abortion	As I reread my own comment, I did realize that that seemed a bit off, even before I read yours, which pointed it out.  I think the clarification needs to be made with consciousness.  If someone willingly risks their life for freedom, and does in fact lose it, he or she has made the choice to sacrifice their life for freedom.  If someone chooses to oppose freedom, and strives to take it from another, it is within the rights of those whose freedom is being taken to take his of her life in defense of their own freedom.  A fetus, however, is created, in the vast majority of cases, by the actions of its   parents  .  Nature has chosen the mother to bear the biological burden of childbearing. (except in the case of seahorses, but I digress)  A fetus does not intentionally limit a woman's rights, nor does it seek to limit her freedom.  Unfortunately,   evolution   has made the fetus dependant on the mother.  What must also be taken into account is the amount of liberty being taken.  Conquest by fascists would be an incredible violation of freedom.  Freedom to work, live, move about freely, all of the Bill of Rights, national sovereignty, all would be utterly and permanently destroyed.  Bearing a child requires giving up some of the freedom to one's own body for a mere nine months.  The taking of one being's life, who has done nothing to warrant its destruction except for being formed as a side effect of it's parents' actions, for the sake of that small liberty cannot be justified.Of course, what immediately comes to mind is collateral damage.  The loss of innocent life as a result of   war   is horrifying, and should act to deter nations from unnecessary fighting.  It is however, a fact of war, and if a war must be fought, every step should be taken to minimize it.  That being said, one cannot fail to do what is necessary for fear of the negative consequences.  Chemotherapy is horrifying, but it is better than the alternative.  Collateral damage differs from   abortion   in that abortion in several ways.  The first is in the degree of the freedoms at stake, which have been mentioned above.  The second is intent.  Killing a fetus in cold blood is different from killing a civilian in a warzone on accident.  In civilian courts, it is the diffence between   murder   and manslaughter, in a military court, it is the difference between an accident and a war   crime  .  Collateral damage wil happen so long as there is war.  That is an excellent reason to try for peace, but unfortunately violent measures must sometimes be employed in the defense of both life and liberty.  Abortion, on the other hand, is necessary only to preserve the rights of a woman to her body for a very short period of time.  In cases where two people's rights collide, one must look both at the difference in severity of the rights in question, and at who has the greater claim.  I would argue that a fetus has greater right to life than a woman has to her body, and a nation has a greater right to life and all liberty than the soldiers, sailors, Marines, and airmen who sacrifice both for it, than the enemy combatant who emperils both to end it, and the innocent civilian who was simply in the ewrong place at the wrong time.	FAVOR
3549	abortion	I don't know where to begin.  You fail to provide any reasonable or valid definition, and then object when an authoritative one is given on the grounds that you don't like it, saying that 'it doesn't make the problem go away,' without specifying what the problem is (reasonably anyway), and then reccommend your own post like it's holy writ.  Wendy, you have failed.  You are wrong.  You have lost.  I declare this because you are unwilling to admit it, but moreso because such is the case.  You've spewed nothing but fancy babble, and often haven't even addressed the issue, preferring to go off on tangents.  You criticize fact as opinion on the basis of your opinion, and rather than support it, you merely reiterate it as though it were axiomatic (few things truly are).I say this not in rebuttal, for you've given me nothing to refute or otherwise debate; I say this that you might improve, recognize these critical flaws, and to offer the chance for either surrender, or serious debate.	FAVOR
3550	abortion	its just selfish.  ok, i'll exclude cases where there is some sort of complication.  if it's a choice between abortion, and both people dieing, i dont have a problem with that.my main problem with it is that the man has absolutly no say in this.  lets say a woman gets pregnant.  the man wants the child, and the woman doesn't.  the guy can kind of see it coming and may try to talk her out of it, but that's the best he can do.  while the male half is already attached to the baby, the female half could be out there having his baby killed without him even knowing.  a child that the man wants, and would take all responsability for.  financial and otherwise.  anything it takes to keep his child alive.  it would be absolutely devastating when the guy finds that out.a sad story, yes?  now lest say that story is true.  we'll say that because it is.  my baby was killed years ago, and it still hurts.  i tried everything i could to keep my baby alive, and i failed. it was an impossible battle.	AGAINST
3551	abortion	I agree 100%. This is a cultural issue and not a political one.	FAVOR
3552	abortion	This is as polite as I can possibly say it: You do not belong on this site.	FAVOR
3553	abortion	"The mother generally considers her fetus to be her ""unborn baby"", waiting to enter the world, assigning it equal value as a born baby. BalancedPolitics.org 3/17/07 - ""When a pregnant women feels a kick in her belly, she doesn't say 'Oh, the fetus kicked' or 'Oh, the mass of cells that hasn't become a person kicked', she says 'The baby kicked.' Yes, after conception you have a real human being waiting to enter the world. Why should taking someone's life when they're in the womb be any different than taking their life when they're a baby in the crib?"""	AGAINST
3554	abortion	No answer to my retort, just a down vote. That helps alot!?	FAVOR
3555	abortion	"Tropes can be true, but a purely '   pro-choice   trope' is ideological.First, a brief point- then I'll address objections. Every species has a life cycle. The human life cycle begins at conception. You are in a position wherein the beginning of the life cycle must of necessity be occurring to something other than a living human organism. How can one make sense of that? I posit that one cannot.""a single cell that, more likely than not, possess errors that will prevent it from becoming a complete organism""Such a cell might not develop into an adult. A lot of genetic anomalies prevent reaching adulthood. If one is present in an infant, that wouldn't be a basis for denying the infant is human, which brings us right back to where we started.""where the fertilized egg has no defects it is not a complete human - the hardest, most miraculous parts of becoming a complete human organism are still to come.""First a question: You used the term 'miraculous'. I won't make a silly objection about its being non-scientific. Would you permit me to use the term 'created' in a secular sense? As in, "" at this point a new life is created.""Secondly, you contend that something isn't completely human until some point well after the organism's life cycle has begun. How can you argue that a zygote or an embryo or a fetus (human or not) is not a living member of it's species? If we were talking about gametes, then I'd agree. They require other cells to make a complete human. Are you using ""complete"" in another sense?If you're using the term ""human"" as synonymous with ""person"", then you're not making a scientific observation. Are you using it to mean ""mature"" or maybe ""independent""? If so, you are employing an arbitrary distinction. One could say that an organism isn't ""complete"" until it has reached the final stage of its life cycle. Then a kitten isn't complete, but a cat capable of reproduction is. By any objective standard, a kitten is considered a complete (albeit not fully mature) living feline.""You appear to be equating the potential to be complete with actually being complete.""Frankly, I am confused by this. Can you expand on it a bit?""there is an important difference between an acorn and an oak tree""Quite right! I know of two cases where there are scientific disputes about when something qualifies as being alive. The first (things like viruses and prions), I mentioned before. The second is a seed. A seed is an embryo which can go dormant. That raises an interesting question: ""if it is dormant, then is it living?"" I'm not sure that there is an accepted answer. Humans (as far as I know) don't become dormant.""organismal biologists, ecologists, etc.) use a definition that includes ""independent"" when counting the members of a species""I must admit that I've never heard of 'organismal biology'. Maybe for counting purpose that's the practise, but I have trouble believing that any biologist would maintain that an embryo (non-dormant) isn't alive and isn't completely human or feline as the case may be.""Geneticists mark conception as the creation of a unique gene combination that is then subject to selective pressures. However, they will tell you that the same thing is true at the onset of a cancer.""Sure, in the latter case you have a complete living cancer cell. That's not incompatible with my position.""Immunologists tend to put importance on the start of the self-selection process... It is not true that science has shown conception to be the most important beginning... Our modern popular obsession... leads to the idea that conception is the most important benchmark. I don't think it is.""POSSIBLY THE MOST IMPORTANT OBSERVATION:When do they ""put importance on""? Which is ""the most important beginning""? These are questions about value determinations. They are questions about what to emphasize or give significance. Now, there can be value determinations which are context specific, and therefore testable. You've given excellent examples regarding branches of science. ""Which of these three breakfast cereals is best?"" Is an untestable value judgment. ""Which of these three cars is best... at saving gas for driving on city streets?"" Is (likely) empirical.""When Does Life Begin?"" is not a matter of determining value. It is an objective question, although ambiguous. If we agree that the question might better be stated along the lines of ""At What Point Does A New Human Life First Exist?""- then it is a matter of fact.It begins at conception, and that isn't a value judgment...or an opinion."	AGAINST
3556	abortion	"I appreciate your feedback and do apologize that this thread hasn't yet satisfied your question.  Therefore, I shall here try to simplify the ojective argument.  The cell is the basic/fundamental unit of life.  Human DNA is unique to human beings.  An organism whose somatic (non-reproductive) cells contain the full human genome is therefore a human being.  A person is defined as a human being, therefore any human being is a person.  A person may be alive or dead as a human being may be alive or dead.  This seems to be important as many wish to interperet the law only for ""persons"".  A living person thus is entitled to those fundamental rights belonging to any other living person, in this case, life.  Since life begins at conception, and the cell at conception of human offspring contains the entire human genome, and makes up the entirety of an organism (as opposed to a sperm cell - incomplete DNA - or a hair - incomplete/non-living organism), it constitutes a human being, and therefore, by definition, a person, who therefore, from conception, as per the Declaration of Independence of the United States of America (this site seems to be restrictive to U.S. policy), is entitled to 'certain unalienable rights among which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness (in that order).'I sincerely hope this satisfies; it's refreshing to see someone who seems truly open-minded about the matter."	FAVOR
3557	abortion	Perhaps you misunderstand the meaning of Pro-Choice. Everyone deserves the right to work towards the life they want and the people they want to be with. Laws that inhibit freedom of choice are killing this nation.	FAVOR
3558	abortion	"I disagree with your basic premise that God causes spontaneous abortions, but will accept it for the purpose of responding to your comment.The problem with your line of reasoning is demonstrated by applying it to other ""Acts of God.""  People are killed all the time by natural disasters.  That does not make it okay for human beings to kill other innocent human beings. "	AGAINST
3559	abortion	" Opposition to abortion is based largely on sexism toward women Florynce R. Kennedy, 1973 - ""If men could get pregnant, abortion would be a sacrament.""[25]  "	FAVOR
3560	abortion	We can find NO common ground, even to the point of notifying parents that their underage daughter is getting an abortion.In a country where you need parental notification for taking cold medicine and taking them on field trips, it seems that getting an abortion with parent notification is not even common ground for us. This is utterly ridiculous that Obama is not willing to let a family decide what is best for the child that is underage and pregnant. (voting NO on notifying parents of minors who get out-of-state abortions.) What kind of president would not allow the parents decide how best to help their child? That is one huge flaw. 	AGAINST
3561	abortion	" Opponents can object to abortions, but must tolerate the choice Opponents of abortion may have a strong moral case and belief against abortion. Yet, their beliefs are not shared by all. They must tolerate a woman's right to have an abortion, even if they believe the act to be morally wrong. The best that opponents can hope for is to convince women that it is immoral, but to ask for the illegalization of abortion would be to wrongly deny that abortion is a right. "	FAVOR
3562	abortion	Please stop making appeals to emotion.	FAVOR
3563	abortion	" Wanted fetuses are beloved ""babies""; unwanted ones are ""tissue"" (inconsistent) Naomi Wolf, feminist author and advocate of legal abortion, in ""Our Bodies, Our Souls"", The New Republic (October 15, 1995) - ""Wanted fetuses are charming, complex, REM-dreaming little beings whose profile on the sonogram looks just like Daddy, but unwanted ones are mere 'uterine material'?""[2]"	AGAINST
3564	abortion	"All abortions no matter when they occur are very sad affairs. It is really sad when circumstances have come together such that a life must be ended or stopped from coming to fruition. Abortions are very emotionally trying to mothers and their families. That said, abortions are completely and absolutely necessary even late term abortions. I am going to argue this from a few angles.If a woman wants to terminate her pregnancy bad enough, she will do so regardless of whether she has to go to a clinic or get one from an unlicensed back alley ""doctor"" or perform one herself. Before Roe v. Wade thousands of women died every year from complications from these abortions. By allowing abortions and late-term abortions to be legal, we allow women to go through safe and regulated channels to do something they are going to do anyway to be frank.There are many circumstances in which late-term abortions are quite necessary, but I'll just name a few common situations. Often when young girls are raped, they will not tell anyone because they are afraid or a multitude of other reasons. Sometimes no one knows these girls are pregnant until they start getting big in their third trimester. These girls never got a chance to abort the rape-child in the ""proper"" time window because they are too afraid or immature to tell anyone or they don't even understand what pregnancy or sex is. Is it really fair to force an 11 year old girl to give birth to the child of her rapist because she didn't want to tell anyone she was raped?Another situation is sometimes mothers are diagnosed with cancer late in their pregnancies beyond the date of normal abortions. These women often need chemotherapy or radiation therapy. This is an excerpt from the abstract of a paper by the Department of Radiology at the University of Iowa College of Medicine""Malignant disease requiring radiation therapy during pregnancy presents an enormous challenge for the clinician. The optimal radiotherapeutic management of the patient and the optimal management of the pregnancy involve directly opposing demands. Ionizing radiation should be avoided during pregnancy whenever possible. Doses in excess of 0.1 Gy (10 rad) delivered during gestation have been associated with various detrimental effects, and therapeutic abortion has been recommended.""Often the cancer is so fast spreading that to wait the duration of the pregnancy to administer treatment that will most likely kill or maim the fetus is very dangerous and possibly fatal for the mother. In these situations the most humane thing to do is to terminate the pregnancy and treat the mother.My last hypothetical is that sometimes it is not apparent until late in the pregnancy that the baby has life-threatening deformities that threaten the mother as well. Is it really fair to tell a mother she must risk her life to give birth to baby that will or likely will die?As you can see there are multitude of possible situations in which a late-term abortion is the best option. There are such diverse situations that can occur and they are so sensitive and dependent on context, that this is not an issue that is done proper service by a blanket rule by politicians. These decisions are best left up to doctors and their patients. Women who want late-term abortions should ask their doctors and if their doctors agree that a late-term abortion is the best medical option, they should seek the approval of other doctors. Furthermore all of these decisions should be overseen by a governing board of doctors.Late-term abortions are not used because mothers changed their mind or procrastinated and this is not the intended use. Like I said the decision should be up to the discretion of doctors to determine the necessity of the procedure."	FAVOR
3565	abortion	" The unborn are voiceless and should be protected against abortion Ronald Reagan. New York Times. September 22nd. 1980 - ""I've noticed that everybody that is for abortion has already been born.""[4] In other words, the unborn would all be against abortion, but, of course, they can't express their opinion as for/against abortion. It is important to protect such a voiceless minority in society."	AGAINST
3566	abortion	" Abortion disproportionately affects the African American community"	AGAINST
3567	abortion	There is only one question when it comes to abortion, what is it?There are more questions than that.. sorryIf it is a human being then it requires a very high level of justification to take it's life.So you admit that there are some cases where it is justifiable. The next question then is who gets to decide? Should it be society at large via established government institutions or should it be a private matter left to the sovereignty of the family unit and those health care professionals they consult?	FAVOR
3568	abortion	"Imagine reading a headline that says After 8 years of Injustice, Slavery has been Restored"" or After 12 years of Injustice, Hitler has Come Back Into Power"".  Insanem, wouldn't those two   headlines   be, well the same applies to the   abortion   issue.  All three have the same thing in common, people thought the lives of the innoncent were not worth saving.  Parents went around saying I would never own a slave, but they can own all they want, or I would never kill those people but they country can kill all they want.  We just have to see how hard medical   science   is fighting to come up with birth control for men, the day after pill, and so many other birth control methods to realize that they know a fetus which means ""Little One"" is a baby.  We also know that many, many people suffer after having an abortion, men and women.  What makes all the folks who look the other way any better than the folse who looked the other way with child abuse, be it a bishop, teacher, political party, family member or friend.  Why can Planned Parenthood not report a rape, or when a fivteen year old teenager has had sex with a man over the age of twenty-one.  Do all these people who support abortion really believe they are doing the right thing?  Hasn't history proved that many of these people suffer the rest of their lives?  Do any really believe that these people don't do drugs to forget, want to kill themselves.  Who will these people sue twenty years from now?  Planned Parenthood, Political Parties, or will they want to go after the Church again and claim that we did not fight hard enough to prevent it?  Anyone who is for abortion should look at the films of a baby being aborted, before saying they are for abortion.  Anyone who has had an abortion should seek out help, there are many web sites who can help.    www.priestsforlife.org  , sistersforlife.com,   www.touchedbyabortion.com   If after you have seen some of the films of the babies being aborted, or read some of the stories from those who have had abortions you still the same way, then at least you have researched both sides of the issue aand can make a informed judgment.  Why should they start a baby and then abort it for stem cell research when they are having better results with adult cell research from our own bodies.  Don't be like the slave sellers, slave owners or slave ship captains.  Don't be like the people in Hitler's Germany who looked the other way because they did not have all the facts or went along with the crowd even thought they though it was wrong.  Look at the video wherein a child is in the womb and his father leaves him and his mother give birth to him anyway even thought he will be in a poor family.  If you watch the video you will be amazed to realize that President Obama is that fetus that could have been aborted.     "	AGAINST
3569	abortion	"I think that referring to mathematical rules as ""laws"" is the kind of misleading argument religious people like to use when implying that when using mathematics you require faith. Mathematics are not the ultimate truth about anything, neither should they be treated as unchangeable laws of the universe. Mathematics, as well as physics, chemistry, etc. are a set of tools invented by humans in order to explain phenomena we observe around us. We made sciences up, and it's up to us to upgrade them in order to improve our knowledge about the world.Here I didn't go as far as to point a flaw in mathematics or something that should be changed, I actually agreed that in most cases 1 is not 4, and I know how useful that is in our daily life. My point is, we can and should question and debate everything, even the foundations of something which has been working for us all along, because we can never know when old explanations might fail us. This is specially valid for the question of abortion, since our old conceptions about when life begins might be wrong.Anyways, if my semantic discussion of 1 not being 4 was not mathematical enough for you, here I got another one...""1 is not 4""Wrong, this is not always the case. When dealing with binary numbers, when 1 is in the third number from the right, as in 100, 1 represents 4. In 111, 100, 10100, and so on, the third 1 is always 4 (as in the decimal system)."	FAVOR
3570	abortion	"Life is an individual right, not a privilege, for unborn humans Mother Teresa, in her amicus brief filed before the U.S. Supreme Court in the cases of Loce v. New Jersey and Krail et al. v. New Jersey in February 1994 - ""Human rights are not a privilege conferred by government. They are every human beingÃ•s entitlement by virtue of his humanity. The right to life does not depend, and must not be contingent, on the pleasure of anyone else, not even a parent or sovereign... you must weep that your own government, at present, seems blind to this truth.""[1]"	AGAINST
3571	abortion	Not if you get raped, no..............................................	FAVOR
3572	abortion	Thank you for your testimony. I'm so glad you spoke up and would strongly encourage you to do it more often. Apart from rape your case is the most often used justification for abortion. And as your existence proves it is not proper justification. I know of a woman ( I can't remember her name) but her mother was rapped. I know of her because she is doing public speaking on this issue of abortion.You are a testimony to the fact the abortion snuffs out a human life because it would have taken yours. Thank you again.	AGAINST
3573	abortion	"""If you think that the rights of a ball of a few dozen cells are more important than the right of a living adult to happiness, health, and choice, then you can have your opinion and I can have mine, no one is wrong or right. I just hope you can understand that when you say no abortion at any time under any circumstances, you are saying that the rights of a tiny clump of cells are greater than the rights of a fully grown, fully sentient human.""At one point you were ""a tiny clump of cells"" too. I am Catholic and I believe that all human life is sacred whether it is one day old baby or an 80 year old man. I am going to stick with what i believe because I think it is right. If killing babies makes a person happy then they should be put in an asylum."	AGAINST
3574	abortion	You can see then how this is a decision best left up to doctors not politicians right?	FAVOR
3575	abortion	" The majority of Americans oppose abortions"	AGAINST
3576	abortion	"""If it is ok to abort, why do those who do so end up so destroyed for the rest of their lives?""They don't. Not if they do it for the right reasons. There is always the ""what if"" factor. But millions of women have had abortions and are living perfectly healthy, happy, successful lives. About half of women in the US who have had an abortion already have children, so they know the joys and stresses of children. They make the decision for the greater good--the family and society."	FAVOR
3577	abortion	"What are these corpse's stages of developmnent you are talking about? How are they called?I talk about human life's development which starts at conception and ends with death. While there is much debate on when does the life of a human being begins, there is no doubt on when does this life ends.You said: Dead body is a stage of a human being. A stage of ""what""? of a human being?. Surely not of the life of a human being because life, as everybody knows, ends with death.And: Dead bodies do not have rights. To which i answered ""kind of"" in the sense that to kill doing barbaric acts on a corpse(whichever) is worse than just plain murder."	AGAINST
3578	abortion	No, because there are emergency contraceptives that women can take up to 72 hours once she was raped that would prevent the sperm from going into her egg.	AGAINST
3579	abortion	"Abortion does not negatively affect a woman's sexual functions A study conducted at University of Copenhagen has shown legal abortion is associated with few adverse effects on sexual function among women in Denmark."	FAVOR
3580	abortion	I am sorry for your loss. Unfortunately, I believe that you are the exception. I am sure that there are many women out there who had abortions and would have kept the baby if they had the same level of support that you were willing to offer. Many women don't get that support. Alternatively on the point that men should be included in the debate, I have personally heard a few men exclaim that it is unfair that they made a mistake one night, and now have to pay child support for 18 years because they didn't have a say in the matter. So men's inclusion in the issue wouldn't necessarily lead to less   abortion  . I don't think that the government (or anyone else for that matter) should ever have control over women's reproductive choices. For instance, I would be just as strongly opposed to government mandated abortions as I am towards banning abortion all together. Many women, including myself, find it unfair that men enter the   abortion debate   because a man is intrinsically different than a woman. I don't have a say over a man's reproductive organs, nor do I think that I should. Similarly, I don't think that men, the government, other women, etc. should be able to tell a woman that she has to give up her body for 9 months, regardless of what she wants. It is making her a second class citizen and a prisoner to her own womb. Once again, I am sorry for your personal experience. Maybe people should decide as a couple where they stand on the abortion debate before engaging in sex. Even so, I guess that speculation about what you would do in the event of an unplanned   pregnancy   can't be comparable to when you are actually faced with the decision. 	FAVOR
3581	abortion	"1. The left is generally anti-war, pro healthcare, pro helping starving people in Africa, etc, all of which saves lives. Since I don't consider a fetus a life, from my standpoint the right is more concerned with vague moral standards only shared by the right than saving lives, but whatever.2. I'm talking about self-awareness, as in feelings. A fetus before the third trimester has 0 capacity to feel. They're not sad about being aborted, it doesn't hurt them, they don't have these human emotions yet. This is what I'm talking about. That an already born child likes its mom in no way invalidates this point.3. And here is the disconnect, you are absolutely correct. But the leap so many on the right are not willing to make is that abortion is always something to anguish over. Sure, there are bitches (and I don't use that term lightly) who simply don't care. But the vast vast vast majority of abortions are performed by women who feel they simply have no choice. It is not a party. But it's their choice, something they have to live with. Not the right wing, not you personally, just her, no one else's business. The only thing making abortions illegal would change is the number of mothers who die with the child. That's all it changes no matter how pretty this anti-abortion idea that ""if we just shove what we really really really feel down everyone's throat everyone will live happily ever after, amen"" - that's not how it works. Woman have been having abortions one way or another, legal or illegal, since the beginning of time.As for your point about rape. It's not the fault of the ""child"" only because the ""child"" doesn't exist. It's a cluster of cells and if she wants to abort it it's her choice, again, not yours.4. facts and logic never vary. People are wrong about facts and logic, but in and of themselves, they are constant. It is a fact the earth is round for example. Some have the ""opinion"" it is not, but this is not an opinion, this is simply wrong. There is a fact at the bottom of when a fetus becomes self-aware, people who study biology for a decade before becoming a doctor believe this to be around the 3rd trimester. Whatever the answer really is, I trust the dude who studied it for a decade over people who think they speak in tongues and give their live savings to Jerry Falwell. Is the exact moment as definite as the shape of the earth? No, probably not. But it's not that big a mystery, and while a valid opinion may vary by a month or so of when this elusive self-awareness begins, it most certainly is not upon conception, or even 2 or 3 months later. It's akin at that point to saying the earth has to be flat because when I stand on my roof I can't see it curve.Here's the difference between an argument with two different opinions, and the abortion debate.Indulge me, I enjoy coming up with analogies.2 people are walking through a forest. 1 wants to go left, the other right. The one who wants to go right says they both have to go right. The one who wants to go left says his friend can go right if he likes, but for himself, he thinks he should be able to choose.That's the gist of it. It's not a matter of two sides fighting about what everyone should do. It's about one side trying to force everyone to do something they may or may not want to and the other saying since we really don't know where either leads, people should have the choice."	FAVOR
3582	abortion	I heard someone argue that this technically makes the child the same organism as the mother; birth is more like mitosis than birth. I forget the specific justification. But it's nice to think that we're all part of the same organism.	AGAINST
3583	abortion	Since CreateDebate won't let me close my account, I will delete my posts.	AGAINST
3584	abortion	"You can't get pregnant or contract an STD if your not having sex outside of marriage.Well, that's totally goofy and wrong. Married women get pregnant all the time. (Oh and here's a total shocker: not all married women want to get pregnant.) And of course if your spouse has an STD and you have sex with your spouse, you can catch it.Nor does abstinence ""provide 100% protection against STDs and pregnancy,"" since rape and child molestation do happen.And finally, there are a great many ""questions when it comes to abortion"" -- including the safety and wellbeing of the woman, the privacy of family decisions, the right to bodily autonomy, the state's interest in the life and health of its citizens, the relative value that should be placed on the life of the developing being, and the stage of development at which such value should attach or be assessed -- just to name a few off the cuff."	FAVOR
3585	abortion	"I will take the bait for fun.I assume (unless you refute it explicitly) you agree that there are somecases where abortion is merited or ""medically necessary""Who is the proper authority for determining medical necessity?expected answer from you (according to the way I think you think):GovernmentAnswer I would give: The doctor and those consulted by the pregnant woman.Abortion is not banned. The murder of the unborn is illegal and punishable as murder. Abortion is not murder if you admit that it is ever done by medical necessity and without malicious intent.since this argument is flawless, all who disagree are just plain old sloppy thinkers ~sarcastic snicker"	FAVOR
3586	abortion	I had a   baby   with anencephaly. No mother should have to carry a baby that she knows will die. It is so painful and depressing. PLEASE.....  vote   no to banning   abortion  .Vote yes to allowing state funding to pay for abortions. It cost me $2,000 dollars to get an abortion and It would have cost $10,000 to deliver in the hospital. I deserved to hold my baby and never got to.	FAVOR
3587	abortion	" I am always just blown away that prolife people would even consider suggesting that a traumatized child rape victim should have her rapist's baby.   YES. YES. YES. I was better off ""aborting"" that fertilized egg (two cells with a complete set of chromosomes does not constitute a ""life"" in my opinion, but potential life) and limiting the entire incident to that.It was NOT   murder  ,it was absolutely justified, and your suggestions to the contrary are just abusive. I refuse to buy into it. MY WELFARE as a traumatized young girl with a fully formed brain, body, and  consciousness should have and did take precedence over a fertilized egg. That should be a No Brainer to any rational person. No loving God would ask such a thing.  Are you even considering the   health   risks to a child delivering a baby? Did you research that at all before suggesting it?   The problem is people do not have a clue how a child's mind works, just how traumatic this is. Since you cannot understand, I will tell you that my Catholic faith,with its obsession with virginity, caused me to believe that I was ruined, dirty, defiled,that God sent this man to do this to me because I had been bad. Why else would he allow such a thing? There is no other explanation to a child, and religious teachings serve to reinforce it. That's the kind of thing that misogynistic religious dogma does to a child rape victim. The combination is absolutely lethal to a sexually abused child's spirit and self esteem. Rape of a child is spiritual murder. Needless to say, I am no longer Catholic. And although i can tell you mean well, I feel sorry for you because you have swallowed that dogma hook, line, and sinker.  "	FAVOR
3588	abortion	"attn Jstabtall:do you live in some kinda warped universe""Abstinence is the only practice that provides 100% protection against STDs and pregnancy, nothing else comes close.""can you show me a culture or a time in human history where society has instituted functional, workable, effective abstinence policyyes - your proposal works in an ideal world were everyone has exactly the same thoughts and actions but that world does NOT exist"	FAVOR
3589	abortion	it is also the mother's choice. the child doesnt have no say. as i said they shouldnt be having any sexual activity. i am 11 and i know this....	FAVOR
3590	abortion	"Might want to change ""man"" to ""human""."	FAVOR
3591	abortion	"""Just look at pictures of aborted fetuses with their arms and heads chopped off."" Okay, look at pictures of fetuses. Do they look like actual people? No, of course not. They look like fetuses. That is because they are fetuses, not human beings. ""...unborn child."" Contradiction in terms. Children have been born. A fetus is not a child.""For all you know you might have just aborted the person who foudn teh cure for cancer or diabetes."" People are not aborted. Fetuses get aborted. Fetuses are not people.""...those who perform them are murderers."" Murder means to deliberately kill another human being justifiably. Fetuses are not human beings. Therefore, those who perform abortions are not murderers."	FAVOR
3592	abortion	" Abortion is not a just response to social problems facing the unborn If a child is likely to face social difficulties, this is absolutely no reason to seek an abortion. The notion that a child will be unhappy due to these conditions or will have no chances of success is ludicrous. It is easy to find examples of poor and neglected children that have grown up to become thriving, successful, and happy adults. In any case, if social problems are the concern, these problems should be addressed; abortion is a terrible band-aid. Saying that a child would encounter social problems during his or her development is not the same as saying that he or she is better off dead."	AGAINST
3593	abortion	Actually, reversing the ban doesn't change how much money the program takes up. It just makes more groups and places eligible for funding. Those places aren't performing abortions 24/7, you know. One might say it's pretty inhumane to deny funding to a medical organization because, in addition to providing malaria nets and polio vaccines and clean drinking water, they are also willing to perform abortions. Funding should go to the groups best equipped to spend it most efficaciously, regardless of whether they sycophantically agree with the entire conservative Christian agenda.	FAVOR
3594	abortion	The thing has been growning by 40 mill every year since it has been gagged. I am saying the money shold have been used some place else. You don't have to agree with the Conservative Christian ideaolgy to agree abortions are wrong. 	AGAINST
3595	abortion	"If it is countered that this analogy is not appropriate because fetuses should not be considered on an equal basis as those subject to capital punishment, a number of considerations should be made against this position. First, those that are subject to capital punishment are often murderers or extreme offenders. Should these citizens be regarded more highly, and more worthy of decency than an unborn fetus? Maybe not. "	AGAINST
3596	abortion	just because human life is most helpless and unaware at that point in life (early stages after conception), that doesn't mean you have the right to kill it.	AGAINST
3597	abortion	yes - i agree that abstinence is 100% absolute protection but i still await your explanation of how you would enforce such a policy	AGAINST
3598	abortion	Whether one is 'right to life' or supports a 'right to an   abortion  ', there can be no sensible argument that citizens of foreign countries have a right which would compel the government to spend American tax dollars on family planning which includes promoting abortion.  Frankly, those citizens do not have a right to any funding whatsoever.  We provide funds as an act of charity.   Our doing so is supererogatory.  It is not the fulfillment of a duty.  If we choose to fund aid efforts, then our donations should be allocated in a way that is consonant with the values of our people.  When one takes into account that approximately half of the country opposes abortion, and a great many (which would feature prominently among this group [in spite of Mr. O Brien's protestations] American Catholics) would consider abortion to be the moral equivalent of murder, it becomes obvious that it was wrong to overturn the Mexico City Policy.  A member of theSociety for Pro-Life Agnostics and Secular Humanists  />SplashForLife@gmail.com  	AGAINST
3599	abortion	"I find the fact that there are instances where women think that it is right to abort the birth of a child is incredibly outrageous! To think that people would rather cut of life in its entirety than to take wiser options, such as setting their child up for an adoption, or even personally entrusting the baby to someone close to them. If I could 'personally' define the word 'abortion,' then it would be as follows:'ABORTION: The term refers to the irrational decision to KILL the child before it has been birthed from the womb'I am not going to sugar-coat abortions, because it's true, they are nothing short of murder! 'The children are killed before they can even process the thought' is one term that I have seen a few times in this debate (of course they have been worded differently, but again, I am not here to sugar-coat this sort of thing), and I can say that the mother/father has STOLEN the right and privilege of thought from these children by killing them. They have also denied them of love, care, protection and most of all, they have denied them of a life.As I have stated previously, I cannot even begin to understand why so many pregnant women do not consider putting the child up for an adoption rather than simply cutting the child off completely! Surely the majority of you all would agree with me that a child has its rights even if it cannot understand them! But the second that an abortion begins, you have stripped that child of it's rights, and there is no way that you can ever make amends. And no, I am not trying to send anyone on a guilt-trip, but I would be glad to know that some of you have come to realize what exactly an abortion does, and not just to think of the process as ""stabbing someone in the vagina."""	AGAINST
3600	abortion	There is an inherent moral conflict in the   abortion   issue, even if you are an atheist.The scientific fact is that a new human life is created at the moment of conception.  A distinct human being has been created.  The issue then becomes what do you do about that fact?If you are an atheist like Camille Paglia, you conclude that abortion is the taking of a human life, but feel there are countervailing interests that make it necessary to allow abortion.On the other hand, an atheist like Nat Hentoff vehemently opposes abortion.I do not know what type of atheist you are, but clearly abortion is not a simple issue for atheists.	AGAINST
3601	abortion	"So let me see if I understand you. Killing children isn't actually wrong. It is only if you believe it is. So what Hitler did was good because he thought it was. And it would be good, by your logic, to kill you so long as I believed it was right. Since when does right and wrong depend on what one believes? This is certainly not the view of right and wrong that Jesus of Nazareth held. To be a follower of Him means to hold the same worldview has he does.About loving: To love someone means to seek the very best for them and protect them from what harms them, You can't say you love someone and then stand by when they are being harmed when it is within your power to do something. Humans in the early stages of life just happen to be your neighbor. Go back and read the passage on the Good Samaritan. Your position is the one the Pharisee took and the one Jesus condemned.about judging: The passage of scripture were Jesus deals with judging doesn't condemn judging nor forbid it. It does condemn judging hypocritically however. It then goes on to say "" first remove the log from your own eye and then you will see clearly to remove the speck from your brothers"" If judging is wrong for you? why did you judge what I wrote? are you saying that you are perfect and never sin? I guess you don't leave the judging to God do you."	FAVOR
3602	abortion	i think it depends on the circumstances. if you were raped, and then got pregnant, would you still keep the child. Certainly it shouldn't be a form of birth control, but in some cases it should be allowed. besides if your argument is that we would be taking a life then wouldn't we have to stop anything that takes a life such as war, the death penalty, and meat production?	FAVOR
3603	abortion	"You are right, from a scientific point of view a parasite is a living being that relies on a foreign body to sustain itself. ""While certainly one can go far longer without sex than without eating, still both ARE voluntary actions which may result in a foreign living thing coming to attach itself to the inside of the hostÃ•s body and drawing its sustenance from the host without providing any particular symbiotic benefit to the host""Objection:A foetus is not a foreign living thing, it's a blood-relative human. This is the point that the   pro-life   and myself think is the reason we consider abortion an injustice as bad as a genocide: every tiny little embryo or fetus is already a HUMAN being from the point it's continuous development starts: conception. There are no substancial changes in it's genetic code from that moment on. From the moment an egg is fertilized no external agent interfere with it to change it's composition. Any interruption of it's development to a new born baby is the termination of a human being. I think we all agree that all humans have the same rights.If you accept this hypotesis then let's look at your comment under this spotlight:""Men (and sometimes women) tend to take very lightly the physical, psychological, and sometimes economic investment a woman makes during the 40 weeks of pregnancy""> This is so very true, it is a huge change to the woman that becomes pregnant, i don't deny it.Now as you said it only lasts 40 weeks, a temporary condition. Abortion is permanent, it terminates the life of an innocent human being.""As it is, today, something like 4 in 1000 women will die, worldwide, as a result of pregnancy. In developed nations, the lifetime risk of a woman dying as a result of one of her pregnancies is around 1 in 2800, but in places like sub-Saharan Africa, about 1 out of every 16 women will die as a result of one of her pregnancies over the course of her childbearing years""> The number of induced abortions declined worldwide between 1995 and 2003, from nearly 46 million to approximately 42 million. About one in five pregnancies worldwide end in abortion.(The Alan Guttmacher Institute)Your stats: 0.4 % CHANCES to die during chilbirth (0.28 in developed nations).My stats: 20% CERTAIN death of a human being.What is worse?As for all the reasons you consider can justify an abortion:Are any of these, except a life danger situation for the mother, enough to justify the suppression of a human life? ""There are many women whose lives are at risk if they become pregnant"">This is not true, these are your stats: 0.4% chances of death during childbirth""Some women will lose their jobs if they become pregnant, particularly if they have bedrest"">This is sadly true, but shouldn't we ask our politicians to protect the pregnant woman instead of just send them to abortion clinics? This is a point i see we both agree as you said in an earlier post: there is certainly more to do to avoid unwanted pregnancies, and aid women to carry on their pregnancy.""Some women are caring for several infants and toddlers already, who rely on them, and cannot undergo the stress of another pregnancy""> Is it justified, in such a case to suppress one of it's children to make life easier for her? That would be infanticide, no matter the excuse. Why is it possible to kill the one she carries inside? Because we don't see it, it is acceptable to kill it?""Sometimes minors become pregnant before their bodies are strong and developed enough to support a pregnancy without risking severe damage""> Here again we should work on making these pregnancies an exception. No severe damage is worse than death.On the rape issue: The statistics tell us that less than 1% of abortions is done because of a rape.This is a very emotive issue that pro-abortion advocates love to expose.This is nonetheless a tragic outcome of a rape, to get pregnant of the man that violated you.But how suppressing a human life makes it easier? Isn't it killing even worse than the act of raping?How aborting will help overcome what happened to her? She will have to carry the child for 9 months and then give it into adoption. ""...there are some very valid reasons for a woman to have one. And such decisions are best made by a woman and her doctor, rather than being forced upon her by society""> A lot of people i talked to upon the subject see it exactly as you: If we ban abortion it is like a personal moral issue that society forces on women. We are not against women, it's just that we really think that all humans are equals in rights, and first of all those rights is the right to life. Only in a situation where the life of the mother is in danger we can accept that an indirect abortion can be the outcome. No reason can be put forth to justify murder except self defense. We just want this for every human being, no matter it's size, stage of development or dependency. These are differences in degree not in kind. Mankind."	AGAINST
3604	abortion	and mention Rihanna and Chris Brown. Is there something about your view of   abortion   as it relates to people of color that you want us to know about?I have a little plant on the dashboard of my car. It dances when the music plays. It is not alive.I have a little wooden statue that my brother gave me, where when you take the wooden barrel off of it, it pops an erection. My brother has no sense of humor. But that object is not alive.	FAVOR
3605	abortion	You can't get pregnant or contract an STD if your not having sex outside of marriage. We set high standards for our children's education and hold them to it. Why not set high standards for them sexually also, since nothing curtails an education like a pregnancy. Abstinence is the only practice that provides 100% protection against STDs and pregnancy, nothing else comes close.There is only one question when it comes to abortion, what is it? If it is a human being then it requires a very high level of justification to take it's life. I have simply seen no argument that comes close to proper justification for the taking the life of an innocent human being. The only arguments I have seen are those that try to take away the embryo's humanity and make it less than human.	AGAINST
3606	abortion	And while   pro-life   all give the same answer: life begins at conception, all human beings are also human persons, the   pro-choice   side has no official answer. This fact bears a consequence: while the pro-life answer gives a concrete solid starting point, the pro-choice side is at any rate incoherent within itself. Allowing   abortion   will always lead to kill what, for some of the pro-choice advocates, is a human being and with a right to life. My point is: since we cannot apparently reach a common definition on when a human being should be recognized as such and consequently respected it's right to life, shouldn't we take as answer the most   safe   of all which is at conception just in case?Example: if we go   hunting   with a friend and we hear the sound of what seems a stag shouldn't we double check if it isn't our friend instead, and if we cannot reach a conclusion not to shoot?	AGAINST
3607	abortion	So you think it is a baby, the moment the sperm fertilizes the egg?	FAVOR
3608	abortion	What are you talking about moving away from a true   democracy  ,in a democracy you are alloud to make chooses for yourself in this case someone esle is making it for you. I Personally do not approve of   abortion   that don't mean I can decide for someone esle and niether should you or anyone esle!!! It's should be the single person choice!!!	FAVOR
3609	abortion	"Mother and/or family are impoverished and would not be able to support the new family entrant. One of the most common reasons why a poor woman seeks an abortion is that ""she can not take care of herself and the children she has. Most of the pregnant women helped by the Women's Medical Fund have childrenÃ‘many with two or three, some with as many as 10. Another birth will draw the family deeper into poverty."" "	FAVOR
3610	abortion	"You're the one who's claiming body parts as criteria, as per your question of ancephalics, who are recognized as human beings (even you would, if you'd let 'em live long enough), I never did.I've never changed any criteria for humanity (to say that it no longer was), I've elaborated, and suggested additional criterion, always stating that it's unwise to restrict one's basis for humanity to any particular criteria (plural form intended).I still maintain that DNA is a major factor for determining humanity, though you'd know that if you'd even read my last post, I clarify my position that DNA may be essential (depending upon whether there is any truly distinctive set of genes for humanity), but parentage certainly is, as per all known empirical evidence, like produces like.You have yet to invalidate any of my arguments; you haven't even given a source for your percentages, which are highly unbelievable.I have yet to contradict myself, and you have yet to say anything substantial.By the way, if you look at a fetus, it does look like a human being, except for size and development, in fact the distinguishing characteristic of a fetus is that it has the ""basic structural plan of its kind"" - Webster's - which means all bones, organs, and tissues, whether functional or otherwise."	FAVOR
3611	abortion	I never though about it as killing millions of little lives... How depressing. :.(	FAVOR
3612	abortion	"How about every sperm or egg that is wasted? Those can be considered ""chances"" at life. Should we make masturbation illegal as well?At the point of conception, all there is, is a clump of cells. To say that this clump of cells should have the same rights as a human being, is simplistic.Obviously there needs to be a point where a fetus becomes a person, however, this is certainly not at the point of conception. It can't breathe, see, feel, or think. As the law currently is, abortions are legal at up to about 24 weeks. Whether this is too early or too late is an issue of debate, however, getting rid of abortion entirely, is both unrealistic, and an infringement on the individual rights of women.Arguing that the only reason abortion should be legal is so that potential unborns have a chance at life does not take into account the billions of ""potential"" lives are wasted every day. Should we make sex mandatory for every girl who reaches puberty so that each egg has the opportunity to become a human? Obviously not. So what is the difference between a sperm and an egg that are separated, and a recently fertilized egg? Not much."	FAVOR
3613	abortion	Ã’If men could get pregnant,   abortion   would be a sacramentÃ“	FAVOR
3614	abortion	Many interesting thoughts. Do you mean really an atheist, or pretty sure. Absolutely certain atheism seems like another religious belief to me.The definition of what is alive is fun. I threw my hands up a while ago and have just decided that anything that has both the potential to use environmental energy to combat entropy and has evolved counts as alive. I throw out the consideration of the potential for future reproduction. If it evolved to get where it is, then that is good enough for me. Viruses encode proteins that combat entropy. So do some plasmids. Prions do not*. Lizard tails and sperm are both definitely alive - until they run out of ATP and die.*Prions are always tough. There are some yeast prions where the normal (non-prion) state of the protein is an enzyme that would qualify as alive. As far as I know, the prion form always loses this quality.	FAVOR
3615	abortion	"Betty, you are so badly twisting the logic that I needed to go back and read what you wrote three times and I'm still not sure I'm following along.No, you are incorrect in your interpretation of what I am saying. I'm suggesting that   abortion   is taking a life, or murder if that helps frame the argument. That is illegal. Not taking action to save the life of someone, as in any life or death situation, always has moral implications, but itÃ•s not nearly as cut and dry as youÃ•re trying to make it out to be. Do I risk my own life by undergoing major surgery?  Am I willing to live my life with only one kidney and, should the other be damaged by any number of things, potentially die? What if I give up my kidney and then a member of my family needs one?  I never said it was perfectly moral to sit by and do nothing when I could be saving a life, but that doesnÃ•t mean IÃ•m compelled to have all my spare body parts out. I do donate blood every six months and that IS saving lives. We do what we can do.  But now, let me see if I understand what you are saying. If I have this right, you're saying there is no difference between failing to donate a kidney and deliberately killing someone. They are both immoral and thus equal. Do I have this correct?You also wrote; Ã’If you're going to use the ""it is the process decided by nature."" defense, how do we respond to something like a heart attack. Is it immoral to save a woman having a heart attack? After all, it's just nature taking its course. Should we simply watch and hope for the best?Ã“This one I read three times and am completely lost with where you are going with this. All I was saying is Ã”sorry that this is a woman only issue but thatÃ•s the way nature planned it.Ã•. How you got from that to letting someone die from a heart attack I have no idea. The point being, if men could also carry a fetus I wouldnÃ•t change a thing in my argument. A fetus in the third trimester is a living human being that has gone past the point of being a mere organism to a pre-born person and I believe it should have a right to life regardless of who is carrying it."	FAVOR
3616	abortion	"  People love to try and take the moral high ground.By declaring that, ""their beliefs are facts"". Whileeveryone else's are uncertain ideas, with no foundation in reality.   Belief is all we got Jon. Scientist regularly use the word in their writings. Science even admits, scientific FACTS aren't like, every day facts. They aren't absolutely certain.   So it is after all. Your belief verses someone else's. "	FAVOR
3617	abortion	"""Human life does not begin until the two come together.""In your opinion. Regarding the war in Iraq.                  ,2933,80875,00.html""Just War theory because it acknowledged that under certain circumstances wars might have to be fought.""Any honest reading of the Just War theory makes it clear that Iraq is an unjust war. ""John Paul II stated as his own personal opinion, and expressly not as Church doctrine, that he did not believe the invasion of Iraq was justified.""And you believe that your opinion of the war from a Catholic perspective is more relevant than the Pope's? How does one distinguish the Pope's personal opinions from those that are binding? What makes them substantially different?Let's throw out another comparison. Can a Catholic vote for a politician that supports the death penalty? Does the Church have an official stance on the death penalty? Lastly, I don't think your comparison of 35 years of abortion to the deaths of a single war is relevant. You'd have to account for 35 years of war and more than just the deaths of a war. What about all the people that are maimed by war, all that have suffered greatly due to the war, what about all the children that were burned over their entire bodies from napalm but did not die. I'm trying to understand the value of life from a Catholic perspective. Can you explain the way the heirarchy of sin is determined? ""Reasonable people could disagree as to when those circumstances existed, and Catholics have disagreed about the Iraq War. ""Isn't it also possible that reasonable people can disagree about when a life is a human life? clearly your statement about quickening reveals that the Church saw life before quickening as less than life after quickening! Let's do a hypothetical. A building is on fire and you rush in to save anyone inside. At one end is an 8 year old girl and at the other end are 10 fertilized eggs (it's a fertility clinic). You only have time to save one or the other, do you save the girl or the 10 fertilized eggs?In my mind it's clear that the eggs are not equivalent to the 8 year old girl"	FAVOR
3618	abortion	Upon hearing that a sexual partner of yours became pregnant and was considering   abortion  , carry the child yourself if medically possible?	FAVOR
3619	abortion	"DominicSavio said ""At 21 days, the heartbeat can be heard. At 40 days, brain activity can be detected.""Maybe.  But a heartbeat is not the essential characteristic of human life.  All animals have heartbeats, but we kill them all the time.  And even humans in persistent vegetative states also have heartbeats but are often allowed to die precisely because it is the mind, not the heart that defines human life.  The same can be said for brain activity.  It is not enough to have an ""active"" brain.  Animals have those, too.  The brains of humans in vegetative states also have active parts (the parts that keep there lungs and heart pumping, for example).  It must be a brain with consciousness, awareness, person-ness.  And since there is no clear definition of when that begins, or even what it is, I reject those criteria.  (Aside: 59.3% of abortions in the U.S. are performed at 8 weeks of gestation of less (Wikipedia). That's 56 days, which is pretty close to your 40 day suggestion.  So probably close to half of abortions might be acceptable to you, right?)Sid"	FAVOR
3620	abortion	"Couple of questions for you.First of all, Aristotle? Aristotle is relevant in this discussion? Traditionally, one would say ""Aristotle says such-and-such and this is why he's right."" not just ""Aristotle says....so there.""Second, there's a difference between financially dependent, or therapeutically dependent, and organically dependent. You can see this in reverse.    This is a parasitic bug-thing (Don't be put off by my scientific jargon) that attaches to the tongue of a certain fish, drains it of blood, and eventually becomes the fish's replacement tongue. At that point, it stops being it's own bug-thing and becomes part of the fish.Some male spiders do something similar, where they basically mate, atrophy, and become an organ.So an individual organism can simply become a part of another organism. Gestation is this process in reverse."	FAVOR
3621	abortion	John McCain is not George Bush, and Barack Obama is not John Kerry.Obama is the most pro-abortion (yes, pro-abortion, not pro-choice, which you could concede to Senator Kerry for the sake of argument) candidate who has ever run for President.  His fervent support of the Freedom of Choice Act, along with his opposition to key provisions of the Democrats for Life sponsored Pregnant Women Support Act, clearly refute any contention that Senator Obama is pro-choice.There will be more abortions in this country if Barack Obama becomes President.  Anyone who looks past the rhetoric to Obama's actual record knows that is the truth.  Mr. Korzen and other Cahtolics like him who ignore Obama's record and vote for him in an unreasonable belief that the number of abortions will be reduced cannot claim they cast their vote in good conscience.Finally, while one can never guarantee how a Supreme Court appointee will turn out (see the abysmal Anthony Kennedy) you can be certain that a President Obama will not appoint any justice who has even the slightest chance of becoming a Roberts or Alito.  A vote for Obama is a vote for the appointment of two or three justices who will be hostile to all attempts to limit abortion for decades.  Long after Obama leaves office, those justices will be striking down pro-life initiatives.    	AGAINST
3622	abortion	Since CreateDebate won't let me close my account, I will delete my posts.	FAVOR
3623	abortion	"The question isn't whether   abortion   ought to be legal but rather - In the United States, and indeed throughout the rest of the world, does a human being have the right of self-determination and, at least in the United States, the liberty to exercise that right. This question, of course, was resolved a long time ago in the writing of the U.S. Constitution. It was answered affirmatively in the bill of rights in which the right of self-determination and the liberty to exercise that right is inherent in freedom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom of the press, freedom of assembly, freedom to bear arms, etc. The intent of those who composed the constitution is quite clear - unquestioned right of self-determination and liberty to exercise the same. None of these rights and freedoms are possible without that basic assumption. If the tribe - and this is in effect how the nation behaves on a regular basis - chooses to interfere with a woman's right to control the functions of her own body, the tribe undermines the basis of all other individual freedoms thus destroying the heart of U.S. law - those principles written into the U.S. Constitution. If a woman's right to self-determination is undermined, so too you undermine freedom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom of the press, economic freedom, right to private property, and on and on. I believe the majority of Americans, particularly those arguing against the legality of abortion, do not fully understand what they are tampering with. They are, in fact, themselves inserting the wedge that will topple their right to ask and decide such questions in their own personal lives. It is but a short step from disallowing the right to choose abortion to legal control over when and if a woman has a child at all. If a woman does not absolutely own her womb, she at some point will be told when she can and cannot have a child, with whom, how many and how often. This sounds extremist, of course, however, this is the very real logical destiny called for by those who would destroy a woman's right to choose. If a woman cannot decide NOT to bear a child, she also cannot decide when she WILL have a child. The tribe reduces a woman to a mere walking womb belonging to the people.If the tribe refuses to allow a woman to decide to abort a fetus, then the tribe must necessarily take responsibility for that fetus. It necessarily become property of the people thus reducing a fetus/child to a thing for barter. It stands to reason, if you compel tribal decisions on an individual, the tribe is responsible for the consequences of those decisions, NOT the individual. Also, by promoting the fetus to the status of ""full human being"", you create a situation where you impose slavery on the mother to the fetus - the slavery of one full human being to another full human being. We, as americans, no longer legally support slavery and therefore, to be consistent, must do all that is possible to liberate the mother from slavery to that ""full human being"" growing inside her. The child MUST be removed and allowed to survive on its own. After all, it's a ""full human being"", is it not? If it is a crime for an individual to move into the home of another uninvited and forcibly take up residence, it is also a crime for a a fetus allegedly with full rights and liberties to be allowed to reside in a mother unwelcome. The rights of the ""fully human"" fetus cannot supersede the rights of the mother. If they are equal, the desires of each must be considered equally. The mother does not want the unwelcome guest. If the tribe decides to make decisions for that unwelcome guest, the tribe must necessarily resolve the situation of illegal residence - otherwise the tribe loses all legitimacy in its interference in the decisions of the pregnant woman and her right to decide for herself is restored by default.If the tribe condones slavery, the tribe has no legitimacy."	FAVOR
3624	abortion	You are assuming from a Christian article that everyone in the world must believe in Christianity, which can't happen because God gave man free will. Of course it is not morally right if you are a Christian, but not everyone is a Christian and you have to respect their rights as well. Did not Jesus command, 'love your neighbor as yourself'? Your neighbor could be a Christian, atheist, wiccan, whatever, could they not? It is not up to you to judge someone, leave that to God. No matter what you do or say, people will continue to have abortions in the world. It is an unfortunate fact of life, similar to war, similar to racism, similar to obesity. You see them committing a sin and loudly call them out, but you are being hypocritical because you also sin. You are saying that you are perfect and never sin, which, unless you are Jesus coming back down again, is impossible. I am a Christian as well, but I realize that it is wrong to judge and criticize someone for sinning when I do the same thing as well, albeit a different type. Like I said earlier, leave the judging to God.	AGAINST
3625	abortion	A baby is not a accident or a consequence. There you were bad and the baby is your punishment? What kind of   pro-life   attitude is that? A baby may be a surprise but it should never be thought of as a mistake. Oh, and the Bush policy that Obama changed didn't support birth control either. 	AGAINST
3626	abortion	I agree, when sperm and egg come together there is nothing else needed to determine whether it will grow to be a human or not. The DNA is set for that person forever. The only thing left is growth. Just as a baby from one month to one year living in his natural environment will grow, so does a baby from conception to nine months grow in his natural environment, the womb.Question: Why is it considered a double murder in our law when a woman pregnant with child is killed?	AGAINST
3627	abortion	Personally, I don't think abortion should be allowed anywhere. Abortion is a cruel way to get rid of a child. The mother always has choices readily available to them, and many hospitals have programs that give unwanted babies to good homes. I think that for those who consider an abortion, they shouldn't have opened their legs in the first place, whether the guy was wearing a glove or not. Unless there was a life-or-death situation where the mother could die with a c-section or die having a baby. then it's appropriate.	AGAINST
3628	abortion	"In the opening scene, the McManus brothers are sitting in church and then get up to kiss the feet of the crucified Christ while the Father gives a sermon.  He tells the story of how this girl was stabbed in broad daylight... ""and no one so much as called the police.""   At the end of the scene, as the brothers are walking out, he says ""Now, we must all fear evil men.  But there is another evil.. which we must fear even more.  and that is the INDIFFERENCE of good men.""    The claim that inactions are not as harmful as actions is a fallacy.  What we choose to ignore because it's an inconvenience to us to face the truth bears the same moral condemnation of the actual actions that are considered to be ""evil"", or wrong.   A woman gets an   abortion   for many reasons... mainly though, because it's inconvenient for her to be pregnant.  Why don't I donate my bone marrow? Because it's inconvenient.   I'm choosing to kill someone through my inaction. I, at the very least, recognize this.    I'll probably end up taking action and registering at some point, but at this point in my life - it's not convenient for me to do so.  For now though, I am still morally wrong for what I do NOT do, as morally a woman who aborts is wrong for what she does.  Anyway.  That's a good movie.You should rent it if you've not seen it. "	FAVOR
3629	abortion	I love how for so many years women have fought for women's rights and we use it to kill our own children. Pretty sad. 	AGAINST
3630	abortion	"Walking an a beach I came across a sign that read: ""Sea Turtle eggs - Stay out. Fine $ 1000.00""So we may not walk on a beach with eggs of a turtle, but we may kill over 4 000 000 human eggs per year that holds the same potential as the turtle eggs - life. And we get the state to pay for it? Where did we loose the plot."	AGAINST
3631	abortion	posts I have read about this question. 	FAVOR
3632	abortion	The gag rule was put in place by Reagan, kept by Bush Sr., reversed by Clinton, put back by Bush Jr., and reversed again by Obama. It just alternates as the Republicans and Democrats exchange control of government. If you think the will of the people is important to listen to, you should agree with the reversal -- the people elected a Democrat, and reversing the global gag rule comes along with that.	FAVOR
3633	abortion	The man has no responsibility until the child is born. He might die. He might skip town. He might get thrown in prison. The woman might have had more than one sexual partner around the time of conception.   The man has no rights at all. It's all up to the mother. She has to carry it for nine months(should she choose to have it). The man is irrelevant in this situation. The choice is and should only be the mother's.	FAVOR
3634	abortion	Your argument is specious. The sick and handicapped are not at issue. People with cancer are not at issue. None of them have hooked themselves up to the bodies of autonomous adults whose physiological functions are then used to regulate their own.And of course, the first one to make an overblown comparison between the issue at hand and Nazism is inevitably the loser in any given debate.	FAVOR
3635	abortion	" Abortion is a form of eugenics and mass murder Norman Haire, letter to the editor, Birth Control Review, (July, 1930) - ""For those who cannot be educated, sterilization or legalized abortion seems to be the only remedy, for we certainly do not want such stupid people to pollute the race with stupid offspring. The defective conditions of life call urgently for improvement.""[33]"	AGAINST
3636	abortion	"""Our nation was founded on the principle that all human beings are created equal.  That never meant that we are all created the same.  It means the lives of all human beings have equal value and worth, regardless of our relative skills, intelligence, and the differences in our physical ability or health.  The denigration of these values is the denigration of the human race.""And yet, if they are convicted felons, you throw your airs and graces about the sanctity of life out of the window in exchange for a swift execution. All of these erronous beliefs about   abortion   and sanctity of life stem from religion rather than reality. Life is not sacred. People die every single day from completely random issues. Just visit / work in a hospital for a day. Death is sad, but it is an inevitability and nobody is going to save you after you die. If someone bothered to pick up a science book now an again there simple wouldn't be any issues.Ultimately this is an argument between the educated and the uneducated. Controversy can only exist if both parties have a sound argument in the first place. As it stands the ""pro-lifers / anti-women's rights bridage"" have a lot of catching up to do."	FAVOR
3637	abortion	" The Hippocratic oath forbids doctors from performing abortions Hippocratic Oath, attributed to the school of Hippocrates, the Ã’Father of Medicine,Ã“ circa 400 B.C. - ""I will give no deadly medicine to any one if asked, nor suggest any such counsel; and in like manner I will not give to a woman a pessary to produce abortion.""[31]"	AGAINST
3638	abortion	" Abortion has been opposed by important figures throughout history Synod of Ancyra canon XXI, circa 314 - ""Concerning women who commit fornication, and destroy that which they have conceived, or who are employed in making drugs for abortion, a former decree excluded them until the hour of death, and to this some have assented. Nevertheless, being desirous to use somewhat greater lenity, we have ordained that they fulfill ten years [of penance], according to the prescribed degrees.""[37]"	AGAINST
3639	abortion	Very well put; I completely agree.  I will simply add that it is dangerous to cite charateristics as criterion, except those which are universally specific, i.e. DNA.	FAVOR
3640	abortion	Our society is governed by laws, not by universal truth. It is a practical necessity given the slippery nature of universal truths. Society, religion, and law all change over time.The God of the Bible is the deity of many different religions, which have serious disagreements about the moral interpretation of their varied, updated translations of the bible. Not surprisingly, we each believe our current one is right.You are attempting to establish an absolute, but I see nothing here that is well-defined or unchanging.  It is certainly not clear that conception is inherently more important than a host of other miraculous events in the continuation of human life. Each is necessary, but none are individually sufficient. Life is worth protecting at every point, but not equally so.	FAVOR
3641	abortion	"Women can reproduce new children with equal value to the aborted. The potential of any given child is unimportant in the context of it being possible, after an abortion, for a mother to reproduce many more children. Who is to say that a particular child has any more potential than the next? This argument is strengthened by the fact that women and couples typically aim to produce a certain number of children. Even if they abort a child (they'll still aim to produce the same number), so the quantity of newborns and potential is not diminished by the existence of abortion. "	FAVOR
3642	abortion	" Christian leaders throughout history have been opposed to abortion Christianity holds that a human life is a human life and taking a human life that does not pose an imminent threat to yours is wrong, outside of legitimate war and capital punishment."	AGAINST
3643	abortion	"This is a weak argument that appeals to emotion and does not in any way address the consequences of this law.  Fine, try to prevent women from aborting their down syndrome babies - what are you going to do with these unwanted people?  Abandoning genetically deformed infants to a shoddy state system is humane?  How do you figure?  The problem, in my view, with all anti-abortion arguments is that they're about abortion is right or wrong.  That is almost completely irrelevant, the debate here is about whether abortion should be legal or not.  If you think abortion is wrong and want to prevent it, fine.  Making it illegal will not prevent abortion.  The numbers throughout the world conclusively show that the legal status of abortion does not affect the rates of abortion.  The availability of contraception does.  Criminalizing abortion will mean lots of illegal and potentially unsafe abortions, likely *increasing* the numbers of people who die.  How is that pro-life?  If you want to protect the precious unborn babies, offer some support to mothers with unwed pregnancies.  Get out there and advocate for freely available, low-cost or free birth control.  You can't say that you want to stop abortion and try to prevent contraception from being available at the same time, at least not if you want to be consistent.  This is something that seems to happen more and more, unfortunately, particularly with the move to reclassify contraception as abortion and also make it more difficult to get, typically a position advocated by supposed ""pro-life"" folks.  Get real.  If you're against Roe v. Wade, you're pro-dead mothers, not against abortion.  If you, like me, find abortion to be morally troubling, you should be focusing on more widely available contraception."	FAVOR
3644	abortion	Do you have a informed conscious mind? Where you once a fetus? I am going to assume that both of those answers is yes, thus it matters little whether a fetus is conscious, merely that if allowed to grow and develop it will have a conscious mind, but if an abortion is carried out that life will never be given a chance to develop. Just imagine what this world would be like if Jonas Salk, or Sir Isaac Newton, or Albert Einstein, or Abraham Lincoln, or George Washington, or Thomas Jefferson had been aborted as children. It's hard to imagine what the world would be like.	AGAINST
3645	abortion	I've seen these videos. If it's not self-aware it's not a human yet, no matter what it looks like.You're talking about you're feelings and what you believe because you're a typical self-righteous self-involved christian completely incapable of understanding that what you think and feel is not what everyone else thinks and feels.The laws put in place on abortion take into account what science finds to be truenot how you feel helliom or what you think some invisible daddy in the sky wants you to feel.Abortion is illegal after the third trimester except in extreme circumstances. Before then it's not a human yet, it's the specific woman's body and not yours, and it's none of your business.That's how it is and that's how it should be,no matter how many of you right wing nuts highjack this site and serial downvote us sane and logical participants on the site.	FAVOR
3646	abortion	Why do you think that slavery became a federal issue? Would you have said that the southern states were fine to continue it as long as the northern states were allowed to abolish it, and vice versa? Abortion is a federal issue, and I know that because it was ruled on by a federal court. It's a constitutional issue. States cannot simply refuse to observe the wills of the Supreme Court or the   constitution   because most of their constituents dislike them.	FAVOR
3647	abortion	" Human life and a right to life begin at conception; abortion is murder Human life is continuum of growth that starts at conception, not at birth. The DNA that makes a person who they are is first mixed at conception upon the male sperm entering the female egg. This is when the genetic building blocks of a person are ""conceived"" and built upon. The person, therefore, begins at conception. Killing the fetus, thus, destroys a growing person and can be considered murder."	AGAINST
3648	abortion	"Using Christianity as the answer, let's look at the Bible:Genesis 2:7: ""And the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul.""Genesis 6:17: ""And, behold, I, even I, do bring a flood of waters upon the earth, to destroy all flesh, wherein is the breath of life, from under heaven; and every thing that is in the earth shall die.""Genesis 7:22: ""All in whose nostrils was the breath of life, of all that was in the dry land, died.""Job 33:4:""The spirit of God hath made me, and the breath of the Almighty hath given me life.""Psalm 33:6: ""By the word of the LORD were the heavens made, their starry host by the breath of his mouth.""Psalm 150:6: ""Let everything that has breath praise the LORD. Praise the LORD.""Genesis 25:8: ""Then Abraham breathed his last and died . . .""These are only a few examples of this symbolism.Against all this, the proponents of conception as the divider will trot out Jeremiah 1:5: ""Before I formed you in the womb I knew you, before you were born I set you apart; I appointed you as a prophet to the nations.""The biblical concept is human being becomes alive when the soul enters the body upon birth and the taking of the first breath.  This Christian belief was the basis for the English common   law   of inheritance, for example, noted by the SCOTUS in Roe v. Wade.Biblical references to death refer to ""breathing his last.""  Now   add   the symbolic essence of the Sacrament of Baptism. Not the pouring of   water   version symbolizing cleansing the soul of Original Sin, but the original (and still common) form by immersion.Immersion of the individual in water symbolizes a return to the womb, and when brought back up, there isa rebirth in Christ Jesus, symbolized by the taking of a new ""first breath.""Christian teaching in the 13th Century approved of   abortion   until ""quickening"" or a more formalistic (and different) number of weeks of gestation for male and female fetuses.  This can be found in papal writings as well as in St. Thomas Aquinas' Summa Theologiae.Current Catholic teaching sets conception as the start. It's clear to me that such a standard should only be imposed on those who believe in such a faith formulation in opposition to the Bible-based truth spanning the human life from first breath to last breath.Creating a   legal   standard based on beginning human life at conception would be to define the end of human life as the termination of the process of decay.  we could expect:a. funeral rites where there is a spontaneous abortion or even an unusually heavy flow after being late with their mensesb. changes in the laws of descent and distributionc. a de-emphasis on ""birthday"" celebrations and a new emphasis on celebrating approximate ""conception day"" anniversaries(with my four   children  , I know an exact date my daughter was conceived, or at least the exact time of the romantic interlude - actual conception could have been a day or even two later.  With the other three, all I can do is count back a couple of weeks or so from ""missing."")d. a reformulation of the sacrament of baptism to perhaps eliminate immersion in favor of the ""cleansing the soul"" motif engendered by pouring watere. all sorts of issues in automobile negligence and other tort lawsuits.It's one thing to respect the process of construction - and quite another to call the structure a house from the time the plans are drawn by the architect and the building permit is issued.  Of course, people don't tend to build houses by accident, while   pregnancy   is often enough an unintended consequence.Human life in the abstract is a continuum - the egg that provided half my genetic blueprint was formed in my   mother  's mother's womb some time in 1927 or 1928, while the sperm that contained the other half was generated some time in the week or two before my conception in the early 1950's. And there was a point in those early 1950's when the eggs that would ultimately ""become"" my four children were formed, while the sperm that prvided the other half of their   nuclear   genetic inheritance were formed in the span from 1980 to the very early 1990's.In one regard, human life is a continuum without a real ending or beginning, and in another, the span of the life of a human being is between first and last breath.I believe in respecting life, even that of pre-born   babies   who are not yet legally human beings.  But I cannot in good conscience impose my own belief on someone else who does not believe the same way."	FAVOR
3649	abortion	so if someone kidnaps you, chains you in a cabin in the arctic wastes, and force feeds you, all at their own expence and inconvenience, they then have the right to 'terminate the relationship'?  to better equate the analogy, they'll hire someone to cut you up with a chainsaw, then throw the pieces out the door.So, while it's true that the smaller human affects the bigger one, the question becomes whether the child is infringing upon rights of the mother that warrant the mother's infringement upon the child's right to life.  If you believe that convenience is a just criterion for taking someone's life, then you must consistently support a serial killer's 'right to choose' as well.	FAVOR
3650	abortion	" The lives of women have been destroyed by abortion, not enhanced Norma McCorvey, the anonymous litigant known as ""Jane Roe"" in the landmark abortion case, Roe vs. Wade in her book Won by Love (June 17, 2003) - ""One of my most important activities is that I am involved, together with Sandra Cano of Doe vs. Bolton, in the efforts of the Texas Justice Foundation (and other groups) to work for the reversal of the Roe vs. Wade and Doe vs. Bolton decisions. The approach we are taking is to show that the lives and rights of women have not been advanced or enhanced, but rather destroyed, by abortion-on-demand. We are collecting affidavits from women who have been harmed by abortion, from women who are convinced that authentic feminism is pro-life, and from professionals who know that Roe has weakened the moral fabric of the legal and medical professions.""[20]"	AGAINST
3651	abortion	"The widespread availability of birth control options provide women with a sufficient ""choice"" to determine the future of their bodies. The options include, abstinence, condom and profalactics, birth-control pills, morning-after or plan B pills. If a woman does not want to get pregnant, she is free to choose these options of birth control, which - if used responsibly - have a high probability of preventing impregnation (Abstinence is 100% effective). Therefore, unintentional impregnation has a high correlation with the irresponsible or even negligent use or avoidance of birth control methods. As such, women are provided the right to choose to act responsibly in protecting their bodies from impregnation in the first place. Therefore, a ban on partial birth abortion may not deprive women of the right choose to take the initial, responsible steps in protecting against uninented impregnation. This may be a sufficient provision to women of the ""right to choose"" to adopt measures that will help them control the future of their bodies. Any additional provisions, such as partial birth abortion, may be redundant and excessive. "	AGAINST
3652	abortion	" Many women are disturbed by their abortions but remain pro-choice Rosemary Candelario, director of Massachusetts Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice, September 2001 - ""I think the fear in the [abortion rights] movement is if we admit abortion is hard for some women, then we're admitting that it's wrong, which is totally not the case. I've heard from women who are having problems dealing with their abortion who are still ardently pro-choice.""[17]"	FAVOR
3653	abortion	The statement issued yesterday by the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, which is available at usccb.org, expressly rejects Mr. Korzen's argument that as long as we think that a candidate will help the poor, we can ignore the candidate's appalling record on abortion.The Bishop's statement makes clear that Catholics must try to help the poor, but must always fight against the intrinsic evil of abortion. 	AGAINST
3654	abortion	I read everything you wrote jake all your responses, who are you to decide for a woman? It should have nothing to do with men at all, it should be the carriers' choice not ours. Your not the one giving birth to a child conceived through rape. You are not having that baby attached to you. You are not the one that got raped Jake therefore who are you to speak for the side of pro life when you are not conceiving the baby?	FAVOR
3655	abortion	"Dear Pepper:You asked: ""So are you suggesting that cats, rats, birds and dolphins do not think?""Yes. I don't merely suggest it. I affirm it with full conviction.You wrote: ""You ought to be more careful as it's a scientific fact that these animals all do think, and in the case of dolphins, might very well think more than humans do.""Your assertion is not an argument---nor is it persuasive. Your allusion to ""scientific fact"" is of the same type.But I am curious to know why you believe the lower animals can think.  Have you read an article written by a rat? Have you observed cats working to send a man to the moon?  Or maybe a chimp worked at your computer for a while where it accessed the net and discussed with an MIT professor the dangers of government interference in the economy? I'm not being facetious.  I'm quite serious. I am trying to stress that a process of thought is far different from a beaver making a dam prompted by his biological programming---and so forth in regard to all the other activities the lower animals engage in.  None of that is thought. Nor is thought the response to stimuli. A different process is involved when, say, we discuss our differing points of view.  I could not hold this discussion with any of the lower animals. Why do you think that is?  Is it merely because you and I share the same language?  Or is something else involved? For example, suppose we are in the same room and in silence I point to a chair. You would know immediately what that object was.  And if I also pointed to a dining table, you would again know what I was pointing to.  Then suppose I stated, ""I need more furniture."" You would know instantly that what I meant was I need another chair, or a bed or a side table.  This is an example of concept formation.  It is an abstract process that is unique to man because only we have the kind of consciousness required to do that kind of mental work.As for the rest of your comments, I regret to say I do not agree with anything you wrote.  As I said before, I do not consider a fetus a human being.  Consequently I cannot agree with your statements, which all follow from that premise. I do not consider it virtuous to compromise on the principle of individual rights.  I do not accept the initiation of force as a proper mode of civilized, moral conduct. Of all your assertions the one most grievously horrific is your statement that a fetus ""at some point its right to live should supersede a woman's right to abort it."" This says that a woman's rights should be at the mercy of whoever decides what that point is.  Would you enjoy having a  ""right"" that is conditional upon how much time an egg spends in your womb? Perhaps you would consider it your duty to give birth, since someone else says you must?  In any case, a ""conditional right"" is not a right at all. It is the wholesale destruction of individual rights. "	FAVOR
3656	abortion	How do you scientifically prove that life begins after conception? You make an assertion without substantiating it. Let's be honest. You believe in   evolution   therefore you believe might makes right.  The weaker deserve to be destroyed by the stronger.   There's nothing weaker than an unborn child. However, if God created the world and instilled a moral compass by which to steer, murder is wrong. If you don't believe in God then how do you suscribe to any law?  What makes murder of your neighbor wrong? Let's pass a bill that says if I can prove I'm more viable to society than my neighbor, he doesn't deserve to live and there's nothing wrong with me killing him. All our laws are based on moral axioms. If you take away one, there's no reason to follow any of them.  	AGAINST
3657	abortion	So you would say that it is better that 45 million + children die through abortion than a handful of women through a botched abortion. That doesn't sound like progress to me: That sounds like serious moral confusion. Go check out the stats on abortion rates through out the years and you will see a staggering peak after Roe vs Wade.And yes, we would still have abortions, they would just be a whole lot fewer of them. Again, check out the stats on abortion rates before and after Roe vs Wade.	AGAINST
3658	abortion	"See all my other posts on this forum, but particularly my recent one in which I show that you are definition dodging in your use of the word ""human"" and also explain that ""alive"" is not the essence of ""person,"" and show how there is no basis for claiming that the two concepts together have significance synergistically."	FAVOR
3659	abortion	My statement had nothing to do with a particular case, it's what it is, the reason we have courts as a third branch of government. You or I may disagree with some of the rulings but it doesn't change why they are there.As far as Roe vs Wade goes, they didn't force anything on you, if you think   abortion   is wrong don't get one.I personally think abortion is horrible but it was even more horrible when it was illegal. I personally believe life begins before conception, I decree that all birth control is here by banned. Oh wait it's not up to me, darn government trampling on my morals.	FAVOR
3660	abortion	Let me first just thank for a highly repetitive post, with pretty much 1 reason you couldn't vote for Obama. Who then, can you vote for?  None of these men - and none of the women - hold Christian values.  Oh there's lip service... but then, most people who claim to be Christian do little but go to church.  So voting based on your religious views is sillier than believing in the tooth fairy.  Let me just point out to you that Obama's plans as a whole are decidedly more in line with the ideals of Christ.   And indeed, if the whole of the Congress voted according to their Christianity which they claim to express there would be no Iraq war, nothing in Afghanistan, universal health care, free food for the homeless, shelters, and so on and so forth.  Things McCain is dead set against - as are most Republicans.  Yet giving to those who have nothing, and shunning the materialistic impulses are Christian values. Speaking of Christian values, is this why the Vatican is so rich?  Because it's money that gets you into heaven?  Or the way you vote?Or maybe it's your own individual actions....  Because the only reason you can come up as to not vote for Obama as a opposed to McCain was   abortion  .  Because that's the one issue that would help more people.  Good job.  Obama won... and this probably upset you because of the ONE reason you could think of.  	FAVOR
3661	abortion	"""We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness."" - Declaration of IndependenceI cite this since I'm assuming we're talking about American Law, and to note that this inherrently axiomatic assumption by the 'Founding Fathers' is why this wasn't addressed in the Bill of Rights or the Constitution.  On a side note: the existence of a Creator is herein considered the basis for all American law, and therefore the lack of consideration (or abolition thereof) removes any premise to consider any right of anything whatsoever (including 'choice').From high school biology, the cell is the fundamental unit of life; if there exists a living cell (whether whole or otherwise), there exists life.  The distinguishing factor between humans and everything else, if nothing else, is our DNA.  Human DNA is unique and quite distinctive; as is generally phenotypically (according to looks) obvious.As was stated before; the presence (or lack thereof) of appendages or other parts (eyes, ears, etc.) is irrelevant and arbitrary; otherwise we could justify the murder of the legless.  Therefore it is likewise irrelevant in qualifying a human being for fundamental rights (in this case, life)."	FAVOR
3662	abortion	Your remark raises a valid point- which is that opposing   abortion   with no exceptions (which is not a view that I take personally) is supported by a small percent of the population, as is support for abortion in any cricumstances.  If you look at your own data, then 49% are clearly pro-choice and 47% are clearly pro-life.  Given a 3-4% margin of error, I think that there is no reason to regard this as a contradiction of my original thesis regarding a country which is split pretty evenly in half.  The question raised by the Mexico City Policy (MCP) was whether or not we should give financial support abroad to groups that would counsel women to have abortions as a form of family planning.  If half of the country would oppose this, then it cannot be consistent with our countries values.  It is consistant with half of the country and opposed by half.  Furthermore, poll data dealing specifically with the MCP shows that Obama's change in policy was supported by only about a third (35%) of the country- which makes it his least popular action to date.  -see link to Gallup poll below-    	AGAINST
3663	abortion	I read through all the polls and basically there is no clear majority for one extreme or the other which is exactly why I said the majority has more wiggle room. The only way repealing the MCP could not be seen as being in consonance with the will of the majority is if the default is given to one side or the other in the case of an equal split. When the MCP was legislated, it created a false majority for the pro life side by having their views be the default opinion representing the citizens of this country. Repealing the MCP just puts things back to where they should be: no legislative bias for either side. Now, international groups from both sides of the issue can fairly petition for some of this aid. 	FAVOR
3664	healthcare	"I don't think military structured health care is an equitable comparison.  Most European universal health care systems allow public choice in institutions and doctors and even allow privatized specialists for those that want, and are able, to spend out of their own pocket.  Universal doesn't have to mean single option.  Let's be creative and allow privatization, but not to the point that we have become, so that health care is exclusively for the wealthy.  A system that leaves people on the street rather than meeting their basic human needs is tragic and should be condemned for such treatment.  When a citizen's only ""health care"" is emergency aid, there is no care at all.  "	AGAINST
3665	healthcare	"Health is often out of an individual's control; like fires. You will see that the other side of this argument makes a distinction between things that an individual can control and those he/she cannot.  Their argument is that fire and police protection are things beyond the control of individuals.  But that healthcare is not.  This argument is seriously flawed.  Even a young child can see why. Many healthcare issues are very much out of the control of individuals.  What if you're in a bus accident?  Many accidents are out of the control of individuals. I agree that many accidents are a result of an individual being stupid or not being careful....but aren't many fires caused by this as well? There is no real distinction here.  Either you should be opposed to fire/police protection and universal healthcare, or should support both.  Picking one is a logical inconsistency"	FAVOR
3666	healthcare	You have no solution?  Why?  If you are the expert, you should have a solution?  Further, why do those who want universal insurance, because calling it care is intellectually dishonest, analyse those who are not insured.  Could some of them simply not want to spend, in their view, money that would be wasted?  How many of your guesstimated 47 mil would fall in to that category?  I never seem to get an answer to these questions.  	AGAINST
3667	healthcare	i went straight to their website and the first thing that appears is the budget deficit. For one fiscal year. Bush was bad really bad at 3.1 billion in 2008 but look at Obama 9.9 billion more than 3 times. The website is pretty cool you have to understand charts and some basic accounting. One of the interesting things that popped out to me was the projected deficit increase in billions. It a pretty heavy website. Some other things showind us adding more than 425 billion more to the already high deficit there is just no balancing in sight.	FAVOR
3668	healthcare	"""Are you freaking kidding me?"" Did I sound like I was? I'm sorry if that was the case. """"Hey, let me just buy a politician."" is a thought that never occurred and never happened to extremely rich and powerful men (and surely, by now, women) in privately owned industries who wanted to pass or block legislation that benefitted them, but not within the constructs of government.""Oh yes, that most definitely is a prospect for many business people. Insist the govt. needs to enforce certain regulations which just so happen to be regulatory measures that kill off their competitors. I'm more that willing to believe in that.  ""Half the crap that government did or does is because of influence from business! or the banks!""So you also hold the view that the most powerful weapon corrupt corporations have is government regulation, bailouts, etc. At least we can agree on something. ""Christ on a stick, government was SOLD a very long time ago.""Think maybe we should reduce the size and scope of government to minimize that problem?"	AGAINST
3669	healthcare	" I am generally for private market healthcare.  Private enterprise is better at supplying goods and services than ""government business.""  There is no doubt there are great problems with our healthcare system, but it is hardly representative of the free market.  Free market went away along time ago when the government initially got in the game of directing huge monies and regulation into the system.    /> I think the most sensible approach would be to go backwards a bit and better analyze the ""whys"" we ended up with some of the problems we currently have.  I know many of the whys are indeed due to government causation.  The problem with this approach is that the government will never do it.  It would be self incrimination.  So, we will probably end up with universal healthcare and twenty years from now we will all lament, what happened to the good old days of great healthcare like there was in 2009."	AGAINST
3670	healthcare	Yes for UHC for it benefits majority of people. In this case, there is a single buyer (the government); hence stiff competition from the seller. All sellers will do their best to improve their product in order to sell. Pharmaceuticals companies will develop drugs that benefit the most people, with less side effects. More qualified   healthcare   workers will be selected to provide the services and it will cut down on paperwork, that justify the expenses to insurance companies. People would be more likely to see a doctor for preventive care than seeing a doctor later with serious   health   problems, which are the most expensive. Government can save more   money   by paying healthcare provider that encourage wellness and preventive care, than paying them for diagnostic test and procedures that are useless, painful and expensive. Small businesses can survive for they do not need to pay expensive medical insurance, & can hire more people, more income   taxes  , more buyer of goods, thus, envigorating the economy	FAVOR
3671	healthcare	Here's exactly how the poll was carried out. If you can find fault, do so (rather than just ignoring it because of who it is).And again, here are the questions that were asked.Please, I beg you, provide a meaningful rebuke to the poll's questions or methods. I did so with your source, so do me the pleasure of returning the favour.I actually check my sources first.	FAVOR
3672	healthcare	"I think that there may be an underlying flaw in your logic. You seem to be assuming that allowing everyone healthcare would somehow take healthcare away from someone, it would ""trample everyone elseÃ•s right of Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of happiness"" as you would say.I don't understand how this could be. It seems to be the same argument Joe regularly makes that allowing gays to be married somehow invalidates his own marriage.It seems to be a fatal flaw in logic. I simply cannot comprehend what would lead a thinking person toward this conclusion.Even if it did happen, which it would not, that having a public option would lead to higher prices for some, It seems to me the equation, Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness, in no way gaurantees lower insurance rates.In fact, the Life and Pursuit of Happiness parts of the quote you use several times,would imply healthcare would be a right regardless of cost.I mean, it seems people are forgetting we are talking about human lives. Does it matter that some would be poor, or if people like Joe hate them? They're humans still who as far as we know have done nothing wrong.Why shouldn't they have as much a right to life, and as long and healthy a life, as anyone else?It makes no sense morally, or even legally if one is going by the mantra you use continually ""life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.""I'm afraid this constitutional argument simply falls short. There is nothing to lead anyone to believe providing healthcare is unconstitutional, quite the opposite in fact. (I know the quotes from the Declaration of Independence, but typical, the right's calling it a constitutional argument)Okay, so I just don't get that argument at all, and I find it hard to believe you really buy into it... Joe okay, he's a moron, but I can't believe you think it's legitimate.And getting rid of health insurance all together seems an even worse idea. I mean, literally at the most 1% of the world population could afford a simple procedure today like removing breast cancer. And that could be the difference between dying within the year, and living a long happy life and dying of old age. Why would we want that?And how many bright people, if doctors decided to lower costs enough so that maybe 5% of the world population can afford a relatively simple procedures, would still want to be doctors?7-10 years of higher education, and student loans anywhere from 100,000 to half a million. Who can afford that?It seems to me getting rid of any health insurance at all is a one way trip back to the gilded age, where you have a handful of travelling doctors who don't know that much and do it out of the kindness of their hearts.... unless you're talking about single payer national healthcare. In which case you retain your genious status and I'm all for it."	FAVOR
3673	healthcare	" Aging countries contain health care costs without difficulty "	FAVOR
3674	healthcare	"Many uninsured are lazy free-loaders who don't deserve care Many uninsured are simply lazy, and believe they can get a free ride off of the system. These people do not deserve free, universal care from the system. "	AGAINST
3675	healthcare	Members of a civilized   society   recognize that all humans are vulnerable to diseaseÃ‘this is something we have in commonÃ‘and so we willingly pooling our resources to protect each of us against the hazards of fate.	FAVOR
3676	healthcare	"Ã’Sec. 224 (p. 118) provides that 18 months after the bill becomes law, the Secretary of Health and Human Services will decide what a ""qualified plan"" covers and how much you'll be legally required to pay for it. That's like a banker telling you to sign the loan agreement now, then filling in the interest rate and repayment terms 18 months later.Ã“You pay a tax to support a service. If tax needs to be increased or decreased to modify the service to better suit the needs of the population, what exactly is the problem with that? The amount of tax you pay changes often depending on the state of the country and reform to services provided. This is whining for the sake of whining. Anyway, let's go to the actual text to really see what's being said:""MANNER OF NEGOTIATION- The Secretary shall negotiate such rates in a manner that results in payment rates that are not lower, in the aggregate, than rates under title XVIII of the Social Security Act, and not higher, in the aggregate, than the average rates paid by other Qualified Health Benefits Plan offering entities for services and health care providers."" [source]So, you won't be forced to pay any more than the average going rate for healthcare, ever. That is written in to this bill.Ã’Sec. 59b (pp. 297-299) says that when you file your taxes, you must include proof that you are in a qualified plan. If not, you will be fined thousands of dollars. Illegal immigrants are exempt from this requirement.Ã“There is no section 59. It starts at section 101. Incidentally, there is also no 159, 259, 359, or 459 to speak of. Great source you got there Joe.Ã’On Nov. 2, the Congressional Budget Office estimated what the plans will likely cost. An individual earning $44,000 before taxes who purchases his own insurance will have to pay a $5,300 premium and an estimated $2,000 in out-of-pocket expenses, for a total of $7,300 a year, which is 17 percent of his pre-tax income. A family earning $102,100 a year before taxes will have to pay a $15,000 premium plus an estimated $5,300 out-of-pocket, for a $20,300 total, or 20 percent of its pre-tax income. Individuals and families earning less than these amounts will be eligible for subsidies paid directly to their insurer.Ã“This is absolute crap. Do you actually read the primary sources yourself or do you rely on poor journalism to give you incorrect facts about the sources?Here is what the report actually says:""CBO estimates that the combination of provisions included in the amendment would reduce average private health insurance premiums per enrollee in the United States relative to what they would be under current law. The average reductions would be larger in the markets for small group and individually purchased policies, which are the focus of many of the legislationÃ•s provisions. In the small group market, which represents about 15 percent of total private premiums, the amendment would lower average insurance premiums in 2016 by an estimated 7 percent to 10 percent compared with amounts under current law. In the market for individually purchased insurance, which represents a little more than 5 percent of total private premiums, the amendment would lower average insurance premiums in 2016 by an estimated 5 percent to 8 percent compared with amounts under current law. And in the large group market, which represents nearly 80 percent of total private premiums, the amendment would lower average insurance premiums in 2016 by zero to 3 percent compared with amounts under current law, according to CBOÃ•s estimates. The figures are presented for 2016 as an illustrative example. "" [source]"	FAVOR
3677	healthcare	"So why do people dislike this plan so much?The New York Times recently wrote:""The prospect of competing with a government plan terrifies the private insurers. But in our judgment, if that many Americans were to decide that such a plan is a better deal for them and their families, that would be a good thing. Innovative private plans that already deliver better services at lower costs would survive. Inefficient private plans would wither.""So if we've got a   public option  , private insurance companies would wither and die.    Is this a real thing?Some analysts say no, and point to the fact that over half of the states offer state employees the option to buy into a public plan, as opposed to private   health insurance   company products. The PHI companies in these states are still doing fine.    Some maintain that the state coverage model above isn't an applicable comparison to the nationwide coverage option.    Some, like me, hope they're right and that the public option is a slam-dunk that beats out the corporations. Better coverage at lower costs? That's a win. Not because I'm a leftist (I am) but because less people will die and more of us keep our   money  .And what I'm describing, what's on the table, is actually pretty popular. 63% of Americans like it.    Sorry, make that 72%. Including half of Republicans    Good for us.OK, some messages now to certain people. To the people in   congress   promoting the trigger idea: Public option wouldn't be instituted unless at some point down the road, private health insurance companies haven't met certain standards. Knock it off. The standards aren't being met now.To the people who are selling others into local insurance buying co-ops. Knock it off. Your little thing doesn't have the market power to have the benefits of the national plan.    Tot he people to the left of me (there are some) who are saying that the public option isn't good enough. Knock it off. We can't get a single-payer system, at least this term. This is an excellent start.To Bobby Jindal, who said""Republicans believe in a simple principle:ÃŠ no Americans should have to worry about losing their   health care   coverage.ÃŠ Period.ÃŠ We stand for universal access to affordable health care coverage.ÃŠWhat we oppose is universal government-run health care.ÃŠ Health care decisions should be made by   doctors   and patients, not by government bureaucrats.ÃŠWe believe Americans can do anything.ÃŠÃŠ And if we put aside partisan   politics   and work together, we can make our system of private   medicine   affordable and accessible for every one of our citizens.""Knock it off. You guys have been opposing health care for all americans since FDR and Truman proposed it.    You guys give us...not good plans. I mean, the big republican plan would have only helped 10% of Americans without health insurance.    and why not     There's another line that I hear a lot: Do I want some government bureaucrat between me and my doctor?Yes. Compare it to what I have now, which is a corporate bureaucrat between me and my doctor. They make money when they figure out how to deny my claim. That's their purpose, that's how they profit. It's called recission. They're very good at it.    and why not    .hearing/I also hear how the AMA is against the public option.    That's just what the AMA seems to do. The AMA opposed Medicare. Which is more than I can say for house republicans, who after an amendment was proposed by Rep. Wiener from New York to end Medicare, didn't get any votes.I'm still going with this, so keep watching."	FAVOR
3678	healthcare	"Universal health care leads to rationing. Medical resources are rationed in socialized systems so that some people are either denied care or have to wait for it. If a person is ""rationed out"" of the public health care service (perhaps because the treatment is not considered effective or cost effective enough to warrant intervention) they will be able seek alternative treatment in the private sector. If they cannot afford private care, they may have to go without."	AGAINST
3679	healthcare	"Free, universal health care helps the unhealthy in times of need. When an individual is sick, they shouldn't have to think about how to pay for their treatment. In free, universal health care systems, when one is sick, they are simply told to rest and get better. This is essential for proper healing. Conversely, in a non-free-universal-health-care system, a sick person is required to figure out how to pay for their health care, rather than simply focusing on getting better. The stresses this causes hampers healing. "	FAVOR
3680	healthcare	I'd rather be dead than red	AGAINST
3681	healthcare	" US health care costs more because Americans pay to avoid waiting"	AGAINST
3682	healthcare	In Japan, everyone gets equal treatment because everyone gets national health care. In this country, if you have no money, you don't get a good insurance plan which is not fair. In Massachusetts, there is Masshealth for poor people, but it's only Medicare which covers nothing. so if you get into an accident, you will end up paying thousands of money. There are so many people living in this country. I don't understand why we don't have national health care. What annoys me is that medicare and a dental plan are two separate things. I've visiting a dentist because I have to get rid of my wisdom teeth which is a lot of money with no dental insurance. one tooth costs you about 350 dollars. Since I have 4 wisdom teeth, it will cost me about 1500 bucks in total. Do people expect a college student to have that much money? I have 2 jobs, but I don't even get more than $1000 every month. I am really frustrated with American health insurance.	FAVOR
3683	healthcare	" There are many ways to pay for any added costs of universal health care Some proposed means of dealing with these added costs include a cigarette tax and repealing tax cuts for the wealthy."	FAVOR
3684	healthcare	"Better technologies and treatments in private health care aids prevention. Private health care societies are known for having better innovation and higher investment in equipment and high-end treatments. These treatments can be a part of prevention or early treatment, and can have better results than what exists in universal health care systems. "	AGAINST
3685	healthcare	" Public insurance would stifle medical innovation and advancement John Lechleiter. ""Health-Care Reform and the 'Innovation Test'"" Wall Street Journal. May 14, 2009: ""I've spent three decades working in or near biopharmaceutical research and development. During that time, I've witnessed breakthroughs as diverse as biosynthetic human insulin, bone-forming agents for treating osteoporosis, new cancer therapies, and a first-ever treatment for severe sepsis go from glimmers of intuition to everyday medical tools. [...] Inventions such as these -- and my list includes only the partial output of the company I work for -- have transformed the most basic expectations of human life in the last century. Today, the average life expectancy at birth in the U.S. is 78; when my mother was born in 1928 it was 57. (She's still in great health, by the way.) [...] Even in the last two decades of the 20th century, new medicines accounted for 40% of the increase in life expectancy in more than 50 countries, according to a recent study by Columbia University economist Frank Lichtenberg. In other words, for every year that life expectancy has increased, five months can be attributed to the availability of new medicines. [...] U.S.-based private industry is the heart and soul of this innovation drama, investing $58 billion in research and development for new medicines in 2007 alone. [...] it is vital to all of us that we insist that reform proposals pass the 'innovation test.' Providing insurance to millions of Americans through a government-run plan would fail the test. Similar efforts around the world have led to rationing of health care and created hurdles between patients and the most advanced treatments. On the other hand, innovation would remain reasonably secure if universal access were achieved through tax credits and government subsidies that allow patients to choose from a variety of private health-financing options."""	AGAINST
3686	healthcare	Nothing in my argument remotely construes universal healthcare is the cause of the expense of healthcare in the U.S.; however, as an aside argument, I think there is a connection that has yet to be made that the socialist healthcare systems of other countries are at least in part responsible for the costs of healthcare in the U.S.. Merck pharmaceutical sells its drugs to both private and public healthcare systems. Merck will be compensated for losses incurred by sales to public systems by passing the loss to private systems in the form of higher prices. So in a sense it is plausible that the public healthcare systems of the world actually exacerbate higher prices where healthcare is privately owned. Now back to our original subject. #1. What is the primary problem with the healthcare system of the U.S.? My answer: Ninety plus percent of the patients of the system cannot afford to pay the price of their own healthcare.#2. What is the root cause of the patientÃ•s inability to pay for healthcare? Is it A, healthcare is too expensive or B, that their wages are too low, or C other.My answer: B, their wages are too low.(My father,uninsured, earning the wage of a garage mechanic, paid cash for the births of all of his children with less than four weekly paychecks each. Today, how many mechanics are paid 14,000 dollars a month, which is the average cost of an uncomplicated vaginal birth? )HEY! I am no longer going to continue debating or justifying my argument concerning U.H.Either people understand or donÃ•t understand what robbery looks like. I am not their god or their moral judge.Screw the logical formality of debating this absurd question!Â¥ Universal Healthcare is a crime against the working class. Â¥ The question of this entire debate is nothing more than a question about the benefit of outright criminality.Indulge my short or not so short rant for a moment, if you will. I am extremely disturbed that in the hearts and minds of the U.S. populace, people abound in ignorance of the fact they advocate robbery when they push for public healthcare. They are implicating themselves as criminals and seek to justify their criminality by legislative action of the government. We are truly a nation of thieves. We, as a nation, are so mad upon our right to healthcare we want to violate the right of ownership of property, including the wages of all persons in the U.S. ItÃ•s as though there is no other alternative but to steal from one another, our children, parents, and friends. And the justification for all of it is that all is right because everyone will be doing it. (Bare in mind that they who argue the most for public healthcare have the most to gain by it. There will be 80 million baby boomers entering retirement in the next eighteen years. Should we suppose they want someone else to pay for their healthcare so that they can take cruises around the world? (Have you seen the bumper sticker on the $300.000 RVs that read: Ã’I am spending my childrenÃ•s inheritance)Moreover how many of those baby boomers want people such as myself and our families to pay for their healthcare needs for the next eighteen plus years? This is too much like social security with perks! )Know this; we will have in the U.S. within a very short time frame a public healthcare system. And how do I know this? The baby boom generation of 80+million rules the country today and before too many of them have retired they will make certain that their children are bound by taxation for the healthcare needs of the baby boom gen. And so in conclusion, regardless of what is thought or not thought of public healthcare we working class stiffs will be paying in the form of taxation all healthcare needs of the most debauched, rotten, spoiled generation ever born in the U.S. The baby boomers are currently socializing the losses of the most cherished institutions of the U.S.; expect the healthcare system over the coming weeks and months of this year to also need taxpayer money. Yes, IÃ•ve made a judgment of the baby boom gen. I know what to expect from that gen. and I am in no mood to prove they intend to rob from me and mine. The baby boom gen. fixes its problems by acts of governmental crimes against the innocent.	AGAINST
3687	healthcare	" Single-payer health care erodes competition in price and value The notion of the free markets as a source of efficiency dates back to Adam Smith. The health care industry is no exception to this rule. If it is open to the free-markets, consumers will shop for and purchase the best price and value. Pressure will be placed on insurance companies to cut costs and sell their surface at a lower price for greater value. Free universal health care would interrupt this, reduce efficiency, and increase costs. "	AGAINST
3688	healthcare	Not sure how this flew under my radar Quantum.  It's quantity is only outdone by it's quality.	FAVOR
3689	healthcare	" Competition causes the wasteful duplication of expensive forms of care ""Single-Payer FAQ"". Physicians for a National Health Program. Retrieved May 30th, 2008 - ""When, for example, hospitals compete they often duplicate expensive equipment in order to corner more of the market for lucrative procedure-oriented care. This drives up overall medical costs to pay for the equipment and encourages overtreatment."""	FAVOR
3690	healthcare	" Securing a ""right"" to universal health means impeding on other rights Providing universal health care means increasing costs to certain taxpayers. This in itself impedes on certain freedoms and rights. Securing one right by impeding on other is illegitimate."	AGAINST
3691	healthcare	"You are currently granted the right to police protection against crime. Does that mean you are ""enslaving"" policemen, or the taxpayers who must provide the money to fund the police? Have you been given control of the lives of your local police officers?Along the same lines, are you ""enslaving"" the military, who provides your national defense? Are you ""enslaving"" judges, who provide your right to a fair trial? Judges and courtrooms are not natural resources any more than doctors and hospitals. If there were no people who had a passion for law and justice, a passion to invest the time in learning this tremendous knowledge and skill, where would your ""right"" to a fair trial be?The fact is, of course, that EVERY right requires ""forcing"" someone to provide something to you. The right to a fair trial requires judges and courtrooms, and taxes to pay for them. The right to not be murdered requires policemen, police stations, and taxes to pay for them. How is health care any different?All rights are based on needs. A ""right"" is simply a basic need that society has decided to satisfy for everyone. We NEED security from crime, so we've decided to give ourselves a RIGHT to it. We should do the same for health care. It is just as basic."	FAVOR
3692	healthcare	Nothing in my argument remotely construes universal healthcare is the cause of the expense of healthcare in the U.S.; however, as an aside argument, I think there is a connection that has yet to be made that the socialist healthcare systems of other countries are at least in part responsible for the costs of healthcare in the U.S.. Merck pharmaceutical sells its drugs to both private and public healthcare systems. Merck will be compensated for losses incurred by sales to public systems by passing the loss to private systems in the form of higher prices. So in a sense it is plausible that the public healthcare systems of the world actually exacerbate higher prices where healthcare is privately owned. Now back to our original subject. #1. What is the primary problem with the healthcare system of the U.S.? My answer: Ninety plus percent of the patients of the system cannot afford to pay the price of their own healthcare.#2. What is the root cause of the patientÃ•s inability to pay for healthcare? Is it A, healthcare is too expensive or B, that their wages are too low, or C other.My answer: B, their wages are too low.(My father, earning the wage of a garage mechanic, paid cash for the births of all of his children with less than four weekly paychecks each. Today, how many mechanics are paid 14,000 dollars a month, which is the average cost of an uncomplicated vaginal birth? )HEY! I am no longer going to continue debating or justifying my argument concerning U.H.Either people understand or donÃ•t understand what robbery looks like. I am not their god or their moral judge.Screw the logical formality of debating this absurd question!Â¥ Universal Healthcare is a crime against the working class. Â¥ The question of this entire debate is nothing more than a question about the benefit of outright criminality.Indulge my short or not so short rant for a moment, if you will. I am extremely disturbed that in the hearts and minds of the U.S. populace, people abound in ignorance of the fact they advocate robbery when they push for public healthcare. They are implicating themselves as criminals and seek to justify their criminality by legislative action of the government. We are truly a nation of thieves. We, as a nation, are so mad upon our right to healthcare we want to violate the right of ownership of property, including the wages of all persons in the U.S. ItÃ•s as though there is no other alternative but to steal from one another, our children, parents, and friends. And the justification for all of it is that all is right because everyone will be doing it. (Bare in mind that they who argue the most for public healthcare have the most to gain by it. There will be 80 million baby boomers entering retirement in the next eighteen years. Should we suppose they want someone else to pay for their healthcare so that they can take cruises around the world? (Have you seen the bumper sticker on the $300.000 RVs that read: Ã’I am spending my childrenÃ•s inheritance)Moreover how many of those baby boomers want people such as myself and our families to pay for their healthcare needs for the next eighteen plus years? This is too much like social security with perks! )Know this; we will have in the U.S. within a very short time frame a public healthcare system. And how do I know this? The baby boom generation of 80+million rules the country today and before too many of them have retired they will make certain that their children are bound by taxation for the healthcare needs of the baby boom gen. And so in conclusion, regardless of what is thought or not thought of public healthcare we working class stiffs will be paying in the form of taxation all healthcare needs of the most debauched, rotten, spoiled generation ever born in the U.S. The baby boomers are currently socializing the losses of the most cherished institutions of the U.S.; expect the healthcare system over the coming weeks and months of this year to also need taxpayer money. Yes, IÃ•ve made a judgment of the baby boom gen. I know what to expect from that gen. and I am in no mood to prove they intend to rob from me and mine. The baby boom gen. fixes its problems by acts of governmental crimes against the innocent.	AGAINST
3693	healthcare	" Public health care is good; it just receives more scrutiny/criticism Public health care systems receive more scrutiny by the public because they are publicly accountable. This often gives the impression that these systems are worse. But, this impression is simply a bi-product of the higher level of scrutiny these systems receive. "	FAVOR
3694	healthcare	Thank you for the information. This is, unfortunately, one of the downfalls of trying to debate US politics when not actually American. Could you provide a link to the correct bill for me please?	FAVOR
3695	healthcare	" Universal health care can actually strengthen doctor pay If there are more insured patients within a universal health care system, more people will seek health care. As such, there will be more paying patients in a universal health care system, which will result in more income for doctors. Doctors will also spend less time on paper work, be more efficient, service more patients, and so make more money. "	FAVOR
3696	healthcare	"The markets are better at providing quality; same with health care. The markets and competition generally help produce higher quality goods for the least money (the highest value). The same applies to health care. "	AGAINST
3697	healthcare	To suggest that it is THE answer would suggest it's perfect.It's not THE answer, it is AN answer.Will it work? Only time will tell.	AGAINST
3698	healthcare	Look at Germany.Look at France.Fail to understand completely.	FAVOR
3699	healthcare	" Universal health care creates dependencies on government Whenever the government provides free services to individuals, a dependency is created. Dependency is an unhealthy mind-set, and can cause problems down the line."	AGAINST
3700	healthcare	The thing about universal health care, is that it's definitely not free. The money for it has to come from somewhere, and that of course is from taxes... and as Government involvement in the health care industry has only made things worse overall and not better, I don't see how it's possible that 1) giving them even more power will make anything better, and 2) that it's justified to implement this policy at the expense of both the sick and the healthy. If someone chooses to eat sugar-frosted sugar lumps for breakfast and drink bladder-busting bottles of cola, every day until they get severe diabetes, why should everyone else have to pay for their treatment? Takes away an incentive to choose a healthy lifestyle. The system as it stands now is no good at all, largely because of Government involvement. It seems to me that the Insurance/Pharmaceutical industries have penetrated Congress with their lobbyists to such an extent as to get regulatory laws passed that stifle fair competition, giving them the advantage of a cartel. They don't need to lower prices like they would in a true free market, thanks to Uncle Sam's help... that's the system we should be fighting against, not trusting those who caused the problem to have universal control over 'fixing' it.	AGAINST
3701	healthcare	"Ok, so today's limitation on health care is affordability. Do you really want tomorrow's limitation...bureaucracy? Look at what is happening in GB. They are refusing care for breast cancer to women over a certain age because it isn't cost effective. How would you like to get that news? ""Well Mr. Birdman, you have cancer and it is curable, but you aren't worth enough to the government to cure."""	AGAINST
3702	healthcare	" Single-payer health care gets rid of wasteful middlemen According to an estimate by Dr. Marcia Angell roughly 50% of healthcare dollars are spent on healthcare, the rest go to various middlemen and intermediates to providing healthcare. A streamlined, non-profit, universal system would increase the efficiency with which money spent on healthcare goes to healthcare. "	FAVOR
3703	healthcare	" Free health care isn't ""free"".  No you don't have to pay when you go to the doctor's office but somebody does.  If doctor's worked for free eventually there would be no doctors, especially with the drastic inflation.  So technically the government would be paying for it and the money that pays for it is taken out of taxes.  Basically everyone is paying for everyone else.  Why would you want to have your money taken out if you very rarely need to go to the doctor and have it pay for someone who goes to the doctor every time they sneeze?    />     Free healthcare is the beginning of communism and communism doesn't work.  You people who believe healthcare should be free are fooling yourselves.  Nothing is free except the air you breath.  The money to pay the doctors for their services must come from somewhere, otherwise the doctors couldn't support themselves.  They would be working at a loss to help you but what would you be doing to help them?    />    Rather than having ""free"" healthcare I believe doctors should be restricted on their fees.  They shouldn't be allowed to charge $200 (give or take) for them to come in and say ""I don't know what's wrong."""	AGAINST
3704	healthcare	We should all do our very best to lend a hand to help others, I'm all for that, but to let the Government oversea it and manage the   money  ! and schedule surgeries?  Please, wake up!  Obviously, some of you have no idea what that means.  I used to process Medicare insurance claims, what a joke.  They decide what they feel is medically neccessary, not you or your Doctor!  If they don't want to pay the claim, well it's final, it's not open for discussion and/or negotiations, it's just what somebody in the Government decided. Period.And when they do decide to pay, let me give you some examples:1>Flu Shot $15  Medicare approved amount $3 paid at 80% $2.40 to the DR.Doctors out of pocket cost $10 plus labor for the nurse, overhead exp, etc. - And the Dr. must write off the balance of $12, the patient is billed $.602>Office visit $100, physical therapy $50 - Total billed $150Medicare allowed $24 @ 80% $19.20 on the office visit, $0 on the physical therapy- deemed not medically neccessary.  The Dr. gets a check for $19.20, must write of $76, the patient is billed $54.80Who do you think wins here, right, the Government should, only they have paid out double or triple just to process these small checks!!When you have to call Medicare with a question, and trust me this happens frequently, you are only allowed to ask 3 questions, if you have 4 questions, you can ask the 3 and then hang up and call back, wait on hold another 45 minutes to ask the 4th question.  If you have never dealt with these issues, you simply can't imagine how bad it is, I'm not exagerating, ask around.  Surely you know an elderly person on Medicare, an insurance clerk, anybody that has had to deal with it.  Part 2 - Currently most Doctors pretty much accept Medicare, some because they want to help the elderly, as frustrating and expensive as it is, the paperwork involved is unreal.  That is one reason we keep seeing an increase in the cost of doctor visits, to make up what they are loosing in Medicare acceptance costs.  If it is all Universal Healthcare paid by the Government, you will see a flood of   doctors   stop practicing, it will no longer be profitable and full of regulations.  Just ask your doctor his opinion on your next visit.  We will have a shortage of doctors. Part 3:  We are already seeing   taxes   going up on everything.  Take the sin taxes for example.  One example: Sodas are now going to have a higher tax, because they are unhealthy. What happens when they decide you weigh to much, your too fat to have sugery?  Don't think that will happen, think again, there are already talking about it:     maybe you are the ideal weight, but what your friend, or family member that is 20 lbs. overweight, do you want the Government to deny them benefits?  If you say yes, then what's right about that?So please people, think about it, this is not good for our country!Last but not least, do your research on country's that have   universal health care  , how are they doing? And Canada's system is so great that Canadians leave their country to come to the US for many procedures that they have to wait months in line for in Canada. No less than a board of Canadian surgeons has urged the US not to enact a socialized medical system.Did you know a recent poll said if you are diagnosed with   cancer   you will start treatment in approx. 3 weeks here in the US, in other country's with Universal   healthcare  , the average waiting period for cancer patients to begin treatment is 9 months!  That is crucial when you are diagnosed with the deadly disease of cancer.  But this is standard even for emergency surgery, alot don't even last long enough for the surgery.  So if this is what you want, that is what you will get!   Don't take my word, do your research, cause if universal healthcare goes through, we will probably never be able to go back to the way it was!	AGAINST
3705	healthcare	"Universal health care would amount to welfare for the uninsured. The government should not create a health care system that is aimed primarily at helping the poor and uninsured. As such, it becomes merely another wealth-transfer program."	AGAINST
3706	healthcare	"""GDP is a GROSS measurement, and as seen in the above article Canadian systems SPEND less than US systems yet this doesn't even prevent them from COSTING less. ""Please see above. GDP includes both private and Government expenditure.""I explained why GDPs with each nation are GROSS measurements and thus would need to be adjusted for different sizes in economies before you can draw conclusions."" When America spends a greater PROPORTION of its Gross Domestic Product on health care than other countries, and when America has the largest economy in the whole world, it suggests that America is not getting a good deal for health care because it's paying more and getting less.Finally, there is a difference between arguing a point and making an assertion or providing a link.""I've pointed out several times already that the tiny 2-year difference you keep touting is not only to little to call for scrapping out entire system but also have pointed out that in no instance have you ever offset other factors of a given nation that affect life expectancy..""But then, neither have you, except for suggesting some genetic differences. Now, however, you make some suggestions.""which include dietary choices"",Where is your evidence that Americans make different dietary choices to Canadians, Australians and the British? ""how active the typical American lifestyle is"",Where is your evidence that Americans have a more sedentary lifestyle than Canadians, Australians and the British?""crime rates (like murder)"", There is evidence that there is more gun crime in America. Perhaps you should attempt to quantify it if you want to argue that this helps to explain some of the difference in life expectancy.""accidental deaths (car crashes for instance)"", Where is your evidence that there are more car crashes per capita in America than in Canada, Australia and Great Britain? Where is your evidence that there are more accidental deaths per capita in America than the other three countries?""you name it"".No. If you want to argue a case, you name it.""Despite the fact that all these need to be taken into account you INSIST that your precious 2-year difference justifies the government takeover of our entire healthcare system."" Not at all. A universal medical scheme does not have to take over everything. I can't speak for Canada but it's certainly not the case in Australia. Your fears are not justified."	FAVOR
3707	healthcare	" Universal health care is a social good, not merely an economic good Universal health care generally decreases human misery and increases human welfare. It is, therefore, a social good, not merely an economic good. In general, the ability to afford something does not play a role in whether it is just or not. If there is a conflict between life and money life should prevail because it is a right while money is a want not a need. "	FAVOR
3708	healthcare	"I would a whole lot rather my hard earned money go towards paying the health bills of smokers and fatties than illegal aliens that don't pay one red cent, for any dime they make, towards taxes. But, altogether, it is not my responsibility to ""make up"" for anyone elses well being. I don't have insurance, and you know what, when I DO have to go the doctor, I get in quicker than someone with insurance. Also, the majority of doctors' offices will set you up on a monthly billed cycle. If I become terminally sick, that's my problem, nobody elses. And I wouldn't have it any other way."	AGAINST
3709	healthcare	My argument can be seen in the description. If anyone has any discrepancies, feel free to voice them. Thats what democracy (NOT SOCIALISM) is all about.	AGAINST
3710	healthcare	The people who don't want it are the Republicans who think the Gov't is only good for: War, being a thing that is unwanted and over all useless. (IE: Conservatism policy: Take care of your own damn self!) Also Republicans are backed by these giant health care companies that give them and people they like better service and money for lobbying for them. The Reps don't want one of there primary sponsor lose even the smallest atom of money so they are against this. I'm only 15 and i know this :)	FAVOR
3711	healthcare	" Rationing already exist in the US; universal health care won't change this ""Single Payer FAQ"". Physicians for a National Health Program. Retrieved May 30th, 2008 - ""The U.S. already rations care. Rationing in U.S. health care is based on income: if you can afford care, you get it; if you canÃ•t, you donÃ•t."""	FAVOR
3712	healthcare	Where are we going to get the doctors, nurses, respiratory therapists, cardiologists, rheumatologists, CNA's, PCA's, and the like, not to mention room in the wards and equipment to care for there patients?Under my plan, we pattern a Universal Health Care, system after our Military. Our Military is socialism on a grand scale, and we have the Best Trained, Best Equipped Military in the World. So I used the same model in to model my Health Care Plan around.We recruit kids out of high school, that have good grades and a interest in the medical field, but because of financial reasons cannot afford to go to College. We get them to enlist in the Medical Corps, where we promise to pay for their entire Medical education, in exchange for a agreement of practicing in a Government Hospital somewhere in the United States for 10 years. At the end of the 10 years, they can either re-enlist or they can choose to go into private practice.Doctors and Nurses would be paid a competive salery but not as much as they possibly could be making in private paractice. However under the Government they do not have administrative costs, or Office exspenses, and no malpractice insurance premiums to worry about.The chances for malpractice would be reduced, do to the fact a person could get up to five different opinions if they were not comfortable with the original diagnosis. While this won't rule out malpractice 100% there will always be the doctor who makes a mistake. In which case the case would be reviewed and if found the Doctor was grossly negligent, would have his license to practice pulled.Most lawsuits today seek money to pay for future care of the patient, however that wouldn't be necessary, because you already have free medical.We could employ 500,000 doctors at a cost of 100 billion dollars wich would give us a Patient to Doctor Ratio of 600 to 1. Thats what are current ratio is. But the problem is there are communities who do not have any doctors, so they have to travel a great distance for care. This problem would be solved also under my plan.We buy up older hospitals to keep the cost down. We Do have strategically placed Expensive Diagnostic equipment within a 4 hours drive of any location. So it is possible that a person would have to drive up to 250 miles to get a MRI, but they would be able to deduct the cost of the trip on their taxes, excluding lodging. Obviously the goal of any Universal Plan is to contain costs and Improve care, if you cannot accomplish that then we shouldn't do it all.I estimate the total cost of my plan to be around $500-600 Billion a year.By paying of the debt, we could pay for a national health care system without raising taxes to do so. We currently will be paying $550 -$600 billion in interest on the debt next year. So if we can pay off the debt, which I can do in 7 years, and return this country to a lender nation, this country could afford to Universal Health care better than what France has, and I could still cut everyones taxes by $3800.00.Part of it would be paid for by interest money we would be collecting from other countries, once we became a lender nation again. By loaning Money to developing 3rd world countries we spread our influence over these countries by helping them develope, instead of China or Russia. The intrest we collect on the loans helps pay for our health care.This would lower medical costs, let consumers keep the money they currently pay out for insurance premiums and deductables, and reduce the cost for business who currently pay the lions share of a employees health care insurance. This should add another 3-4% onto our economic growth a year.Along with my trade reforms we could have 10% economic growth year over year. But remember we are fighting a entrenched insurance lobby, who will fight this type of plan tooth and nail. Not to mention business might even fight it because it would we would have economic freedom if we were to have 10% growth year over year in this country. They do not want workers who are empowered. They want workers wholive in fear of losing their jobs everyday.But it can be done, and I can pay for it without raising taxes.	FAVOR
3713	healthcare	 NHS has worked well elsewhere, I'm sure that a single-payer healthcare system in the United States and most other countries would be net-beneficial and sure to be an incredible benefit to those here. Universal Health Care, as previously stated, is incredibly efficient when compared to how a similar, privatized system would work.	FAVOR
3714	healthcare	"""1 The ""deep left"" fallacy. The three countries that you smear with this tag happen to be the closest allies of the USA and the countries that are closest in culture to your country. If such countries are 'deep left' in your view then it suggests that your views are very far to the right.""Again, I only see people on the (cough) deep left misreading statements and statistics. In this case you completely ignored who/what I directed that comment towards. Since you didn't notice it the first time, I will make it more clear: I was directed that label at YOU, not Canada or any of the other countries you cite as having a 2 year life expectancy difference. If I were directing that label at Canada or those other countries, then you would be right. But I wasn't. ""It is fallacious to assume that a universal health care system must be more expensive than the present arrangements in the USA. I have presented evidence that suggests that universal health schemes work out cheaper. You dispute the evidence but that's no reason to assume that the opposite is true.""Doesn't take much thinking to realize that for Universal Healthcare to become a reality government spending would have to go up. In the comments you have directed at me (from what I can see here:    ) you have not presented such evidence. What you have presented so far indicates that countries like Canada SPEND less, none that suggest that they COST less, which is what I disputed in this comment:     ""3 The GDP is a standard measure. See     "" The GDP is not something to be relied upon......    #Limitations_of_GDP_to_judge_the_health_of_an_economy....mainly because it is a GROSS measurement, not a net one. Look up the differences between GROSS profit and NET profit and you'll see what I mean.""4 ""[T]he 2-year difference [in life expectancy] probably has nothing to do with healthcare.""This is a guess. You don't know. You don't present evidence. This assertion is baseless.""I presented plenty of evidence which I will repost since you missed it the first time:""Wow, 80.4 (Canada) vs. 78.06 (US). I feel such a small difference would have more to do with the nature of fast food America and almost nothing to do with healthcare.""""4. That small 2-year difference is almost guaranteed to be the result of poor health choices in the US and probably have nothing whatsoever to do with health care.""In both of those quotes I contended that the nature of how people make unhealthy choices in America is probably the reason why that tiny minute 2-year difference is even there. You have yet to take those factors into account and prove it's just the UHC that gives that tiny difference."	AGAINST
3715	healthcare	"To our right? If were healthy our right will be taken away? ""Oh no, bob just got a heart implant an now he has no freedom of speech! Say it isn't so!"" Redistribution of wealth is just something rich people made up so every one would give them more money and support things they like. ""Steve is the most rich person in our city, so he must the most smart, handsome, best person in the whole city, if we give him money, it would be safer and better spent on himself!"" Canada is very conservative and it has free healthcare and it is not a socialist nation. The Constitution was writen 200 years ago, so much has changed. (Also, black people now count a whole person, not 1/5 of a person anymore, and there are no slaves)"	FAVOR
3716	healthcare	Hopefully Mike gets it now, but the only system that operates on cooperation is a free market. 	AGAINST
3717	healthcare	" The well insured also face risks without universal health care The uninsured are not the only concern when a society lacks universal health care. The insured are subject to major costs and risks, for instance when they are fired from a job and lose their employer-provide health insurance."	FAVOR
3718	healthcare	Are you on freaking drugs? The government is not here to take care of adults! Adults can (and should) take care of themselves! I don't need the government to take care of me. I'm not some small child who is dependent on his parents! Are you?	AGAINST
3719	healthcare	It should be enough if they don't have to pay it back with interest. The things you propose are not fail safe. They can cheat.	AGAINST
3720	healthcare	 Not all health care should be free . Because their are rich people and they should pay to give money to the doctors.	AGAINST
3721	healthcare	I think healthcare for all is a worthwhile goal.  As we worked hard to put the first man on the moon, we could work hard to help those in need of medicine, surgery, etc.  Unfortunately, I cannot think of many programs that the government runs well.  A healthcare system run by the government may end up as a disaster. I want Universal healthcare, but I think it needs to be private.	AGAINST
3722	healthcare	"Private healthcare providers are more expensive than public providers They take more money for overhead as well as profit than a public system would. Some claim that private providers take as much as 30% of every healhcare dollar, versus estimates of below 10% for public providers."	FAVOR
3723	healthcare	I support you because you answer your own question about why it is I don't bother to back up my position. I can back up my position all day long and I will never get you to see my point of view. You will always think that your views are right, moral, and justifiable.Yes, there was a time when I used to fight and got absolutely nowhere. Lets take the gay marriage issue for example. I have repeatedly stated that I am for gay marriage but that I did not believe that the current approach the gay community was taking was going to succeed. I suggested instead for them to get the government to drop the use of the word marriage and substitute civil union in its place. People bashed me and I was not able to change anyone's mind. Now, here we are and gay marriage proponents have been handed a hard blow in maine.But OK, I'll give it one shot for old times sake. What you want is to be able to force people to do what you think is right. If you think that Nationalized Health Care is right, then you want to force people into it. What I want is the freedom for people to chose. If someone can't chose what they want because they can't afford it, they have no right to force me to pay for it. I don't care about the benefits I will be able to reap down the road. I don't ever want to be forced into something, period. Even if it's good for me.	AGAINST
3724	healthcare	" Expensive public insurance option would worsen national debt Karl Rove. ""How to Stop Socialized Health Care"" Wall Street Journal. June 11, 2009: ""the public option is far too expensive. The cost of Medicare -- the purest form of a government-run 'public choice' for seniors -- will start exceeding its payroll-tax 'trust fund' in 2017. The Obama administration estimates its health reforms will cost as much as $1.5 trillion over the next 10 years. It is no coincidence the Obama budget nearly triples the national debt over that same period. [...] Medicare and Medicaid cost much more than estimated when they were adopted. One reason is there's no competition for these government-run insurance programs. In the same way, Americans can expect a public option to cost far more than the Obama administration's rosy estimates."""	AGAINST
3725	healthcare	" Private insurance puts profit first; public insurance puts health first Richard Kirsch, National Campaign Manager for Health Care for America Now! ""Three Reasons for the Choice of a Public Health Insurance Plan"". May 15, 2009: ""Putting you first. [...] The mission of health insurance companies is a healthy bottom line, not your health. ThatÃ•s why health insurers deny care to people with pre-existing conditions, charge more if you have any history of even minor health problems and deny and delay approving care. [...] The mission of a public health insurance company will be your health, not the financial health of stockholders. A public health insurance company wonÃ•t have multi-million dollar executives with corporate jets. It wonÃ•t have to please Wall Street financial analysts. It will have a mandate to provide health care, from preventive care through care for serious and chronic illnesses. And a public insurance plan will invest in health care in our communities."""	FAVOR
3726	healthcare	Government-run health care would be evaluated on the health of the public, not on how cheaply it could get the public to shut up. The aim of private health care is always profit.	FAVOR
3727	healthcare	" Universal health care internationally is better than US system Paul Krugman, Robin Wells. ""The Health Care Crisis and What to Do About It"". New York Times Review of Books. Volume 53, Number 5 Ã¡ March 23, 2006 - ""Single-payer and beyond. How do we know that the US health care system is highly inefficient? An important part of the evidence takes the form of international comparisons. Table 1 compares US health care with the systems of three other advanced countries. It's clear from the table that the United States has achieved something remarkable. We spend far more on health care than other advanced countriesÃ‘almost twice as much per capita as France, almost two and a half times as much as Britain. Yet we do considerably worse even than the British on basic measures of health performance, such as life expectancy and infant mortality."""	FAVOR
3728	healthcare	"Universal health care protects healthy citizens from many health risks. If citizens have a right to be healthy, they are due some protections from the sickly. By providing for the sickly, government is helping protect the rights of the healthy."	FAVOR
3729	healthcare	"IT investments do not require government intervention.  Some have argued that IT enhancements in a universal system will provide efficiency improvements.  Most technological advancements which includes universal IT standards for online financial transactions, messenger protocols, FTP protocols, and many, many others have been standardized within the industries without government intervention."	AGAINST
3730	healthcare	" Many businesses cannot pay the private health insurance of employees (Indeed, the Big Three of U.S. car manufacturers cite health-care provision as a reason for their ongoing financial travails. The cost of health insurance to U.S. car manufacturers adds between USD 900 and USD 1,400 to each car made in the U.S.A.)."	FAVOR
3731	healthcare	Let's think about this one.  Under the system that we currently have, the people decide what is best. Collectively.  Apparently, 56% of voters here desire universal health care. This is a huge issue nationwide.  The state that we elect exists to serve the needs and desires of the people... not to promote capitalism.   And, if capitalism didn't interfere with government as much as government does capitalism, it would have happened long ago. 	FAVOR
3732	healthcare	"I wouldn't necessarily label changing over to Universal Health care a quick fix. In fact, switching over to Universal Health care could possibly be quite the process. We would change the nature of the system, which differs from your example of one large stimulus check. Rather, I would compare Massachusetts's mandated health insurance to your stimulus check, where the action taken is simply a bandage on the overall problem. The stimulus check doesn't help a business that just can't stay afloat, in the same way that mandated private health insurance doesn't help people who can't afford health insurance to begin with. Also, according to the Connecticut Coalition for Universal Health Care, ""The United States spends at least 40% more per capita on health care than any other industrialized country with universal health care."" I think that Universal Health care ""will alter the actual social condition--to mediate, to relieve, and to solve the growing poverty rates (and to make America as economically equal as it is idealistically equal)"". Plus, I think we'll all be a lot healthier and more healthy people equals more people who can go to work and contribute to the overall economy."	FAVOR
3733	healthcare	"Public-private hybrid leverages strengths of government and markets. Jacob Hacker. ""The case for public plan"". The Institute for America's Future: ""Public plan choice will allow Americans to realize the benefits of both public and private plans: flexibility and security, innovation and stability, and market and democratic accountability. And, according to opinion polling, this is what most Americans want: public and private insurance competing side by side so that they can choose the best option for themselves and their families."""	FAVOR
3734	healthcare	Government is a zero sum game (in some respects). So, if the government gives people health care, what does the government have to take? For one, they take money. Much more money than private health care if they provide the same level of care. If they provide reduced care (see Canada, Australia, France, Great Britain...) then they can do it for less. The government will also take freedom. They won't allow you to get the treatment you need, rather you'll get the treatment they think you deserve based on some chart. They'll also take the freedom to eat as you wish (see NY and San Francisco). They may even require you to exercise x hours per day. The point is, there is a huge tradeoff if you allow the government to take over your health care. It is your health care, don't let a bureaucrat decide if you should or shouldn't have access to it.	AGAINST
3735	healthcare	Sorry Michael GlassYou are wrong about the benefit of Socialized heathcare. Socialism doesn't work in any form for any reason. Free market capitalism will provide the best healthcare.  You and your silly facts you spout out are based on mixed markets - semi-socialized heathcare that already exists in USA compared to some fully socialized heathcare in the more socialized countries.  If USA needs change, it is for free market heathcare...eliminate the government interfere we already have and we'll see change for the better.   	AGAINST
3736	healthcare	"A mixed private-public system would preserve existing industries. Any proposal to shift to a single-payer universal health care program from a private health care system involves destroying the private health care industry. This is a highly disruptive act that would involve massive job loss. The advantage of a mixed private-public universal health care system is that it is not as destructive and damaging in this way. It acknowledges the existence of a private health care industry and the need to preserve at least some of the interests of such a massive, and important, industry."	AGAINST
3737	healthcare	The John Stossel show reveals many of the problems of insurance and lack of insurance in the USA together with the problems of the national health schemes in Canada and Great Britain. There are serious flaws with both systems. In fact, it seems we would have to choose between a system that rations medical care on a waiting list (Canadian and British systems) or rations it by price (user pays systems).Australia has a national health scheme as well as fee for service medicine and a tax system that strongly encourages private health insurance. This is far from perfect, either, but Australia does have a higher life expectancy than the USA, Great Britain and Canada. Of course, there is no proof that this is wholly due to the health care arrangements, but with a life expectancy of over 2.5 years greater than the USA it must be doing some things better.	FAVOR
3738	healthcare	"Universal health care decreases the likelihood of health related problems. The single most destructive issue regarding health care in America is the lack of preventative care. Patients wait until their disease progresses to a dangerous level before they seek care because otherwise they can not afford medical cost. Universal health care offers them access, thus increasing the patient's incentive to seek care when the health threat is minimal, and in the long run reducing the burden to the state."	FAVOR
3739	healthcare	People who can't afford health care deserve it just as much as the people that do have it. Should someone with out it get hurt or injured, they won't be able to afford and be in debt for a long long time, and that is part of our economic problem. There are to many people in debt.	FAVOR
3740	healthcare	---------------------------Sorry posted by mistake. ---------------------------	AGAINST
3741	healthcare	I agree with your point, but I think you missed the original point... the distinction between costs and spending.The original author suggested that Single-Payer systems spend less, not by more efficiency or lack of medical necessity but by political decree.  They cut corners and spend less by denying patients who need services and by reducing payments to doctors.  This doesn't mean they are making health care less costly -- they are just reducing how many of the costs they are willing to pay for.If you stop driving your car and instead walk to work then you are not making gas cost less you're only reducing how much you spend paying for it.	AGAINST
3742	healthcare	"""Is it wrong to call single-payer systems socialized medicine?"" is another inconsequential question.  It's answer is meaningless to which system provides the most benefits to the most people.  It's a semantic argument which will hang more on specific definitions or words that anything resembling rational health care debate.  Having said that - the answer is ""yes"".  Socializing anything involves taking individual decisions and ""socializing"" any negative effects to the community instead of limiting it to the individual."	AGAINST
3743	healthcare	"It is impossible to answer whether universal health care fosters greater equality. Since the word equality necessitates a value judgment as to what is ""equal"" when it comes to health care and class status, a universal definition is not possible.  For instance - would it be equal if no one had access to MRI's? If only 80% of those requiring an MRI could get it - what would determine how to define those individuals ""equally""?"	AGAINST
3744	healthcare	"Unacceptable to leave health care of millions to rare charity orgs/docs. It is morally unacceptable to leave the health care of millions of American who cannot afford to pay insurance to the hands of the few rare doctors and charity health care services. Also, charity health services would not have enough equipment and funds to treat expensive, life-threatening diseases like cancers."	FAVOR
3745	healthcare	"Whether health care is a right under i-law is inconsequential.  The mere act that a UN body on Human Rights has added that to their charter is not definitive of anything. Using it as an argument fails as it's only an appeal to authority."	AGAINST
3746	healthcare	There's no one bill yet. There are many different proposals being debated.	FAVOR
3747	healthcare	"This puts government in the role of arbiter of what practices are healthy and unhealthy."	AGAINST
3748	healthcare	Okay then lets make a list of countries closest in population to the United States and to be fair let's only use the 27 high-income OECD countries. (All the following data comes from The World Health Report 2000)Country | % of World | US/% of World------------------------------------------------- United States 4.52 1Japan 1.90 2.4Germany 1.22 3.7France 0.97 4.7United Kingdom 0.92 4.9Now let's sort by overall healthcare performanceCountry | Performance | Cost Per Capita----------------------------------------------- France 1 4Japan 10 13United Kingdom 18 26Germany 25 3United States 37 1Since you were interested in cost let's sort by Performance / Cost Per Capita. It's just a better metric.Country | P/C--------------------France 0.25United Kingdom 0.69Japan 0.76Germany 8.33United States 37.0And now let's scale this to the population. ((P/C)  (US/% of World)) and let's also reveal what system of healthcare each country uses.Country | (P/C)  (US/% of World) | System of Healthcare-------------------------------------------------------------------- France 0.6 Single-payerJapan 1.8 Single-payerUnited Kingdom 3.4 Single-payerGermany 30.8 Compulsory National InsuranceUnited States 37.0 Voluntary Private InsuranceSo as we can see single-payer is clearly more affordable and has better performance than either CNI or VPI systems of healthcare. And I have a hunch that if this sample had included even more countries that there would be a trend that Compulsory Private Insurance (like we have where I live in Mass.) would be better than VPI but still not as good as CNI.	FAVOR
3749	healthcare	" Public insurance is an essential and nonnegotiable part of reform Howard Dean told the Washington Post: ""The worst thing that could happen is to pass a bill without a public option. We all voted for change we can believe in. If we donÃ•t get it, weÃ•ll get some more change in 2010. WeÃ•ve got to get it done. This is the time.""[12]"	FAVOR
3750	healthcare	" Medicare is a failure that should not be expanded into universal care"	AGAINST
3751	healthcare	Nothing in my argument remotely construes universal healthcare is the cause of the expense of healthcare in the U.S.; however, as an aside argument, I think there is a connection that has yet to be made that the socialist healthcare systems of other countries are at least in part responsible for the costs of healthcare in the U.S.. Merck pharmaceutical sells its drugs to both private and public healthcare systems. Merck will be compensated for losses incurred by sales to public systems by passing the loss to private systems in the form of higher prices. So in a sense it is plausible that the public healthcare systems of the world actually exacerbate higher prices where healthcare is privately owned. Now back to our original subject. #1. What is the primary problem with the healthcare system of the U.S.? My answer: Ninety plus percent of the patients of the system cannot afford to pay the price of their own healthcare.#2. What is the root cause of the patientÃ•s inability to pay for healthcare? Is it A, healthcare is too expensive or B, that their wages are too low, or C other.My answer: B, their wages are too low.(My father, earning the wage of a garage mechanic, paid cash for the births of all of his children with less than four weekly paychecks each. Today, how many mechanics are paid 14,000 dollars a month, which is the average cost of an uncomplicated vaginal birth? )HEY! I am no longer going to continue debating or justifying my argument concerning U.H.Either people understand or donÃ•t understand what robbery looks like. I am not their god or their moral judge.Screw the logical formality of debating this absurd question!Â¥ Universal Healthcare is a crime against the working class. Â¥ The question of this entire debate is nothing more than a question about the benefit of outright criminality.Indulge my short or not so short rant for a moment, if you will. I am extremely disturbed that in the hearts and minds of the U.S. populace, people abound in ignorance of the fact they advocate robbery when they push for public healthcare. They are implicating themselves as criminals and seek to justify their criminality by legislative action of the government. We are truly a nation of thieves. We, as a nation, are so mad upon our right to healthcare we want to violate the right of ownership of property, including the wages of all persons in the U.S. ItÃ•s as though there is no other alternative but to steal from one another, our children, parents, and friends. And the justification for all of it is that all is right because everyone will be doing it. (Bare in mind that they who argue the most for public healthcare have the most to gain by it. There will be 80 million baby boomers entering retirement in the next eighteen years. Should we suppose they want someone else to pay for their healthcare so that they can take cruises around the world? (Have you seen the bumper sticker on the $300.000 RVs that read: Ã’I am spending my childrenÃ•s inheritance)Moreover how many of those baby boomers want people such as myself and our families to pay for their healthcare needs for the next eighteen plus years? This is too much like social security with perks! )Know this; we will have in the U.S. within a very short time frame a public healthcare system. And how do I know this? The baby boom generation of 80+million rules the country today and before too many of them have retired they will make certain that their children are bound by taxation for the healthcare needs of the baby boom gen. And so in conclusion, regardless of what is thought or not thought of public healthcare we working class stiffs will be paying in the form of taxation all healthcare needs of the most debauched, rotten, spoiled generation ever born in the U.S. The baby boomers are currently socializing the losses of the most cherished institutions of the U.S.; expect the healthcare system over the coming weeks and months of this year to also need taxpayer money. Yes, IÃ•ve made a judgment of the baby boom gen. I know what to expect from that gen. and I am in no mood to prove they intend to rob from me and mine. The baby boom gen. fixes its problems by acts of governmental crimes against the innocent.	AGAINST
3752	healthcare	 Yes it really should. That way the Health rate would go down or up which ever way is good...haha	FAVOR
3753	healthcare	 I'm against depending on the government for our health care. They'll reduce the quality of service, and will be pretty selective.  />   /> We should get our own health insurance plans.	AGAINST
3754	healthcare	Oh come on. I threw you a softball. I said everywhere, that means you could have picked any country any where and made the case that this country is the reason we need UHC. You couldn't find one. But, if you really need one...try Canada.	AGAINST
3755	healthcare	" Mandates wrongly give insurers millions of new customers Robert Creamer. ""Three Reasons Why a Strong Public Option is Likely to be Part of Health Insurance Reform"" Huffington Post. August 18, 2009: ""Once everyone is required [by mandates] to buy insurance, the companies can have a field day raising prices and profits using the government to guarantee they are paid - either through subsidies or the imposition of fines. You can see why, from an insurance company perspective, this would be a great deal. But from the point of view of the taxpayers - and the insurance ratepayers - it would be a disaster. It would be like giving the insurance companies a license to take your money - with no regulation - all enforced by government edict."""	FAVOR
3756	healthcare	"Many single-payer systems give patients free choice of practitioners. In some countries with socialized medicine, such as the UK, patients are offered a choice of general practitioner, all of whom are self-employed or work in private partnerships employing all practice nurses, doctors and clerical staff. In addition, some hospital services are sub-contracted to the private sector, so that patients can choose from a range of providers International comparisons of quality of care and health outcomes generally rank the UK above the U.S."	FAVOR
3757	healthcare	Universal health care doesn't have to mean giving up the benefits of capitalism. We can have both public and private health care operating at the same time.	FAVOR
3758	healthcare	"Public option puts bureaucrats between patients and doctors. Karl Rove. ""How to Stop Socialized Health Care"" Wall Street Journal. June 11, 2009: ""the public option puts government firmly in the middle of the relationship between patients and their doctors. If you think insurance companies are bad, imagine what happens when government is the insurance carrier, with little or no competition and no concern you'll change to another company."""	AGAINST
3759	healthcare	"Universal health care systems incentivize improving patient health. Many free universal health care systems provide incentives to doctors to improve the health of their patients. This contrasts with for-profit health care systems that do not provide financial incentives to doctors to improve the health of their patients, largely because healthier patients would mean lower profits."	FAVOR
3760	healthcare	" Public insurance stimulates competition in a non-competitive industry John Holahan and Linda Blumberg. ""Is the Public Plan Option a Necessary Part of Health Reform?"" Urban Institute: ""The arguments around the public plan too often ignore what we believe is the central reason for including a public plan as a component of reform: that health insurance markets today, by and large, are simply not competitive. And as such, these markets are not providing the benefits one would expect from competition, including efficient operations and consequent control over health care costs."""	FAVOR
3761	healthcare	Do you really doubt that medical care is NOT superior in the US than in other countries? Which country has the highest penetration of technical developments (MRIs etc)? Which country is responsible for developing virtually all new drugs?Personally, I feel life expectancy is driven more by   society   than by   medicine  . Australia has no where near the level of   crime   that we do.If you're ok with a single payor, government run   healthcare   system, go for it. But please show me just one thing the government does better than the private sector.	AGAINST
3762	healthcare	"Divisions on public vs. private healthcare favors hybrid. Jacob Hacker. ""The case for public plan"". The Institute for America's Future: ""Perhaps that is why Americans have long been strongly supportive of public-private hybrids in health care, believing that neither the government nor private insurance should be the sole source of coverage in a reformed system. In polls, a Medicare-like program covering all Americans beats the current system hands down. Yet Americans are even more receptive toward a mandate on employers to provide coverage.78 Historically, Americans have been deeply divided about their preferred approach to expanding health insurance. Although repeated surveys find a majority endorsing Ã’national health insuranceÃ“ for most of the second half of the twentieth century, when asked explicitly, Americans split evenly between those who favor administration of insurance benefits by government and those who prefer subsidies for private insurers.79 Thus, Americans seem to desire a combination of both private employment-based coverage and expanded public programs."""	FAVOR
3763	healthcare	 I think healthcare should be free. People talk about how taxes would be higher well taxes are killing people too so at least if they were somewhere they could not worry about having to deal with one more thing perhaps the US would be a little better. A doctor or health care person should not go to school to make sure he makes a lot of money but if it is their will to be a doctor then be the doctor for the very reason of helping a sick person.	FAVOR
3764	healthcare	"I didn't want it at first.I still don't want it.I won't want it in the future.What part of ""Hell no"" does the government not get? ;)"	AGAINST
3765	healthcare	"Blackbird, I note your reply. I am disappointed that you replied with rancour rather than politeness and rhetoric rather than evidence. I therefore challenge you to provide some evidence. Where is the evidence that medical care in the United States is superior to medical care in other countries? Where is the evidence that infant deaths are worked out differently in the United States?I have shown that the infant death rate in the United States (6.26) is greater than the infant death rate in Australia (4.75). Life expectancy is also greater in Australia (81.63 years) than the United States (78.11 years).The CIA says: ""Life expectancy at birth is also a measure of overall quality of life in a country and summarizes the mortality at all ages.""     The problem is not with sick babies. The United States has a higher death rate than other countries overall. That's the way it is. "	FAVOR
3766	healthcare	" There is no such thing as ""free health care"". Somehow, we will have to pay for it by our taxes or insurance. The poor should get it free, though."	AGAINST
3767	healthcare	 Absolutely! It's an embarassment that the richest country in the world, and supposedly the most Christian as well, permits millions of its citizens to suffer without access to good healthcare. Our infant fatality rate, life expectancy, and other health statistics bear out the failures of our present system.	FAVOR
3768	healthcare	"""the question isn't do we need   health   reform. But how do we fix the problems?""That is reform."	FAVOR
3769	healthcare	"Are you freaking kidding me?  ""Hey, let me just buy a politician."" is a thought that never occurred and never happened to extremely rich and powerful men (and surely, by now, women) in privately owned industries who wanted to pass or block legislation that benefitted them, but not within the constructs of government.Half the crap that government did or does is because of influence from business! or the banks!  Christ on a stick, government was SOLD a very long time ago.  "	FAVOR
3770	healthcare	" Single-payer systems create new job opportunities Many of those working in the private insurance industry can get new jobs in the new public health care industry. "	FAVOR
3771	healthcare	"Universal healthcare would eliminate the problems that are posed by privatized healthcare. With it being universal, everyone gets treatment at an equal rate. Taxes would be higher, but the benefits would be better. Take Sweden for example, where a person can walk into a hospital at any moment and get treated without the gratuitous amount of paperwork, or questions like, ""Who's your insurance carrier? How much does your plan cover?"" etc. Besides, most countries already have universal healthcare."	FAVOR
3772	healthcare	"You just admitted that the more the GOVT. spends for healthcare the worse off we are. And you think this spending should increase?""Call is socialised medicine if you will, but the universal health schemes of Canada, Great Britain and Australia cost less...."" Think maybe if a nation has a lower population then they will naturally be inclined to spend less on healthcare overall?""....and the people in these countries have a higher average life expectancy than the USA.""     Wow, 80.4 (Canada) vs. 78.06 (US). I feel such a small difference would have more to do with the nature of fast food America and almost nothing to do with healthcare. ""The cry, ""Socialised medicine"" is a bogey man...""It's a warning for what's to come.         ""...pushed by those who benefit from the present arrangements.""Which would be government officials and members of the AMA:    /"	AGAINST
3773	healthcare	This is not a taboo word. It is what it is and the scary thing is - it is arriving in America. Universal healthcare is socialist in nature. Rather than go into it, I will say one thing. Look to examples in other countries, read your history books. Socialism does not work. Healthcare in Europe does not work. Sure, everyone has it but the quality is poor and they cannot get prompt care when they are really sick. You want to dole out 'free' healthcare to all? Then quality care for the major illnesses is what you will compromise. You can't have it all. Besides, where will all the Canadians go to for quality healthcare if it goes national here?	AGAINST
3774	healthcare	 In Canada, It Is! :D	FAVOR
3775	healthcare	"Universal health care will cut physician cash-flow and disrupt living-standards. It is important to recognize that many private physicians have oriented their private practices around a certain level of cash-flow. They have rented office space at a certain level, taken out mortgages at a certain level, and sent their kids to private schools all on the assumption that their existing cash-flow in their private practices would continue into the future. It is unfair to suddenly and dramatically curtail this cash-flow and force physicians to re-adjust their lives accordingly. For some, this will be impossible or unbearable."	AGAINST
3776	healthcare	"I didn't miss the point. I just chose to ignore it. Obviously not the best move but let me present you with the following: Have you ever not had insurance? Have you ever been poor? Have you ever needed to have a doctors visit but weren't able to pay it? And to what extent are be willing to bastardize ""for Justice and Liberty for all""? Where is the justice in the healthcare industry? You have pharma companies charging an arm and a leg for products that aren't worth the price. About 15 to 20 years ago we noticed a change in the pharma industires. They stopped using educated sales reps and went more to the good looking women approach. (ps they didn't have to know shit about the pharma industry, marketing skills were OK- this information came directly from various Doctors I worked alongside in a medical school) Have you ever lived in a country with universal healthcare? I have, it's fantastic. And if you want a specialist and have the money, then feel free to go and pay for it. That's your right! There used to be a time in this country when everyone would help out their fellow neighbor in bad times. Now it's everyone fend for themselves and fuck you if you can't help yourself. (pardon my french)Not my typical type of proof source but this backs up my side:                                        206699?model=blogsite/HealthCommentary/moderated&style;=blogsite/HealthCommentary/hc God given rights is ridiculously an open topic. They never said our God given rights as said in this book, etc... They just said our God given rights. That's why we find ourselves in a constant struggle."	FAVOR
3777	healthcare	Okay, I read the article you linked.  Many good points, and many bogus to my thinking.  I think this is the central issue of the decade, and the most important conversation we can have.As the baby boomer demographic bulge moves into the medicare - end of life medical issues era,   health care   represents the biggest opportunity and challenge of our generation.  Just as transportation and computers dominated the economies of the last century, health care will be the economic engine of this one.  Fortunes will be made, governance will be adjusted and at the end of the day our national vision will be to live forever.  And we will be the first generation to achieve that goal.I urge all those opposed to the current what they believe to be the proposed new paradigm to flip their thought process to the contrarian point of view.  Bring new, outrageous ideas to the table.  This is going to happen, that's a given.  Make your insights an important influence on the final (or at least the first iteration) of the solution.So, can we count on your no changing to a yes?	FAVOR
3778	healthcare	"Whether universal health care is a legitimate ""burden"" on the tax payer should be considered inconsequential. Since health care is currently 1/7th of the US Economy, simply asking whether the tax payer can be burdened to help provide others with health care does nothing to ask whether allowing more government control will end with the results proponents predict."	AGAINST
3779	healthcare	I would be glad to have socialized   medicine   if it meant I could get medicine for 5 dollars what would cost 1000 now. And my senior elderly mom could afford her   diabetes   and   cancer   medicine without beeing stuck in a giant donut hole of greed. I would be glad to have socialized universal   healthcare   if it meant I could go to any doctor or specialist I want without hassling with an HMO. And that other US citizens would not be discriminated against if they had pre existing   conditions  . And that the emergency rooms might not be as crowded if everyone had access to normal basic care.  And that people on welfare did not feel like they had to stay on welfare or loose their medical benefits. However I would not call it Socialized or try to stigmatize it since it would be a giant improvement. Some countries already have this and they dont know why we are stuck in the stone age. Just for your   entertainment   check out this documentry called Sick Around The World, Frontline, PBS Video.  The   video   is free to watch online. You can watch the whole thing or go straight to chapter 4 Taiwan: A New System They Coppied From Others.      /  	FAVOR
3780	healthcare	As an American I am nauseated, and not a little, about the typical AmericansÃ• sentiment of US holiness. And I find it quite extraordinary that an Englishman has a better sense of discernment about the US than most citizens of the US. America is wrongly held up as a beacon of hope and liberty and something to strive for for developing nations, and that annoys the crap out of me. It annoys me that what is considered the most powerful and free country in the world..And yes, it annoys me that citizens of a country that continually talks about freedom and liberty can't be bothered to give a few dollars out of their pay packet (though, they would be paying less, but we'll ignore that for now and assume that it would cost you a bit extra) to ensure that everyone, rich or poor, can get healthcare treatment when they need it.Healthcare reform that seeks to trample upon both liberty and freedom is the antithesis of the inalienable rights of Life, Liberty and the pursuit of happiness. If group A decides that its happiness is Sample B of Healthcare reform, they have no right whatsoever to use their rights of Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of happiness to trample everyone elseÃ•s right of Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of happiness to not consent to sample B of Healthcare reform. Or stated another way, no man has the liberty and freedom to trample another manÃ•s liberty, freedom, and pursuit of happiness. Ergo, that is why the proposed legislation of Healthcare reform is so hotly debated in the US. The people of United States of America should never seek to impinge another manÃ•s rights of life, liberty, or pursuit of happiness, by imposing their will upon their fellow man for the sake of legislated compassion. And any people who take upon themselves this god-like mandate of legislating Ã”loving thy neighborÃ• better take in to account that their version of altruism may be the pinnacle of tyranny.My solution to the healthcare issues that plague the US:Eliminate health insurance! ItÃ•s simple and subtle, but far reaching. IÃ•ll explain in greater detail if you so request.	AGAINST
3781	healthcare	"Hospitals may be overwhelmed by new public-insurance patients. American Medical Association said in a June 2009 letter to the Senate Finance Committee that it ""cannot support any plan design that mandates physician participation... many physicians and providers may not have the capability to accept the influx of new patients that could result from such a mandate."	AGAINST
3782	healthcare	I think that the government should offer Universal health care because there is already over 40 million uninsured Americans living in the U.S. We do live in the 21st century and we have just about everything imaginable, except Universal health care.	FAVOR
3783	healthcare	I am Fred my main fight is to end the War on US (drugs) and stop putting good people in jail for thinking they have freedom of choice. It is a little off subject for me but it is part of my plan. If you are aware and read you know our so-called leaders senate/house lie to us and waste our money and vote with the corporations that pay them through PACs (political action committees) having said that here is my plan. To believe in my plan you should first watch the documentary SICKO by Roger Moore. You will see how the Canadians love their system they can go to any doctor and pay nothing it is high quality universal health care. DO NOT believe the lies our leaders will tell you. Big money is paying our leaders house/senate through PACs to not have universal health care and it is the same reason as in the War on Drugs. Greed is the main motivator for both actions so do not listen to the lies see the movie and listen to the real people that have nothing to gain by lying about their system. They love it! My plan is to end the War on US (drugs) and save the money (estimated to be 100 billion a year) and the estimated 50 billion lost in tax income from sales of just Marijuana and pay for universal health care for all Americans. The estimated cost of universal health care is 70 billion so we would have 80 billion left over. So if you take the wrong legal drug you can go to the doctor and get help not thrown in jail to be raped and have you future life destroyed by our greedy out of control so called leaders house/senate. We will not conform to a War conceived of racism perpetuated by greed and supported by lies. The War on US (drugs) must end and get free health care for all at no extra cost. LEGALIZE*REGULATE*TAX  quit putting our children, mothers, fathers, yes even grandparents in jail for exercising a constitutional right that was stolen 70 years ago!	FAVOR
3784	healthcare	 It is insane that the US does not have universal health care.  /   /> The notion of affordable health care is idiotic.	FAVOR
3785	healthcare	" Universal health care is not free; people pay with their taxes It is a myth that universal health care could somehow be free or lower the costs to the patient. People pay through their taxes instead of in direct payments to their health insurance providers."	AGAINST
3786	healthcare	Did so a while ago--I think it was the guy that recommended the whole series. When did you see me recommend this?	FAVOR
3787	healthcare	"American Medical Student Association (AMSA) - Statement supporting universal health care"	FAVOR
3788	healthcare	I already addressed why you don't find me funny in my previous post. You're a woman. ;)	AGAINST
3789	healthcare	" US private insurance is inferior to foreign public-private hybrids Paul Waldman. ""The Public Option and the Hope of Health Care Reform"". American Prospect. December 23, 2008: ""If we're smart and lucky, we might end up with a system resembling the one they have in France (rated by the World Health Organization as the world's best), where basic health insurance is provided by the government, but most people have supplemental private insurance to fill in the gaps in coverage. [...] That kind of hybrid system would still allow 'choice,', yet cover everyone and hold down costs."""	FAVOR
3790	healthcare	Why should she have to pay it back? In the example given, she has been paying taxes in to the system for the past 12 years. So what if she has to take some out due to an uncontrollable circumstance?	FAVOR
3791	healthcare	" Government intrudes in medical decisions in a single-payer system Government will involve itself in decisions between doctors and patients under a single-payer system."	AGAINST
3792	healthcare	Maybe I'm wrong but I had a strange idea once. It was that money should have no interference with ones health, that all should be taken care of without even thinking of financial compensation, that humanity besides value. Maybe I'm a fool to think not everything can be bought. Hmm,	FAVOR
3793	healthcare	It's definitely true that no one has a right to healthcare since this would require enslaving someone else to give it to them. Entitlements go both ways; something many people in this debate still haven't figured out. 	AGAINST
3794	healthcare	"Universal healthcare helps foster greater equality across classes. In the United States, the poor commonly cannot afford health care. Universal health care helps them get the care that they need. Without health care, the poor are more vulnerable and have a harder time achieving their goals. This violates their right to equal opportunity. "	FAVOR
3795	healthcare	Link to H.R. 3962:  Regardless, the OP is wrong and merely perpetuating fear-mongering. For example, section 59B simply says people without acceptable healthcare (who are eligible for acceptable healthcare) will be taxed ~3%, of the excess of their taxable, gross adjusted income. Basically, you'd be taxed nothing. But acceptable healthcare is described in sub-section (D) as basically any healthcare, including government provided healthcare (veterans affairs, medicare, medicaid etc.). Moreover, the whole illegal immigrant thing is just a disingenuous play on words. The bill would exempt non-resident aliens, which just means that people who are on Visas (as opposed to people with greencards, like me) don't have to have acceptable healthcare to not be taxed.	AGAINST
3796	healthcare	 Absolutely. That's all i have to say.	FAVOR
3797	healthcare	"Call is socialised medicine if you will, but the universal health schemes of Canada, Great Britain and Australia cost less and the people in these countries have a higher average life expectancy than the USA.  The cry, ""Socialised medicine"" is a bogey man, pushed by those who benefit from the present arrangements."	FAVOR
3798	healthcare	"Public option is only a ideological battle for big government. Steven Pearlstein. ""It's Time to Give Up On the Public Option"" Washington Post. August 19, 2009: ""The public option has become for the left what ""death panels"" have become for the right -- an easily understood metaphor that can be used to wage an ideological war over the issue of Big Government, and mostly a sideshow."""	AGAINST
3799	healthcare	" If you really want to be a follower of Ayn Rand, it might be better if you *think for yourself*. Reason and observation are key elements to her philosophy.  So let's use them.Look at history. Observe the past.  How did we even get to be where we are today in this nation? Is not the notion that all men are created equal a direct affront to anti-socialists?  How does any nation overcome the tyranny of the ruling class under which the masses suffered?Look at the history of man and how we gotten to be where we are today. History keeps repeating itself because there is this lie that has been believed that it is wrong to accept the enslavement of a small group who holds power over the needs... not wants... of all society - all men.  That socialism in any shape or form is wrong.   Capitalism is fine for the things that we want, but do not need.  It is what promotes the middle class and tears to pieces Marx's theory.  But history has shown us what occurs when what humans need is held up for sale to the highest bidder and those who can afford it.  History has also shown us that those who control those supposed ""markets"" of what is strictly a need are also the ones who can afford to exert such power and the abuse they reek upon the rest of SOCIETY.  En mass.  When one small group holds power over the needs of the masses, it is not the masses who are enslaving themselves to make the ""need"" available to all; it is the small group who holds the power who holds the masses enslaved to their own desires. It is slavery of the small, controlling power over the general public.  And when those powers exist in a capitalist society,  the desire to obtain more.  Capitalism breeds excess.  I love capitalism.  It has given more opportunity to more people than in any other system.  But it is not perfect.  There must be balances to this. These balances must occur in the needs of men.  We must balance out capitalism with the knowledge that history has given us - the needs of men are not for sale.  They must be available to all people.  Food, Water, and yes, Health care.    These are basic rights.  The denial of these rights by the people who control them have led to revolution after revolution... some violent and some more of an   evolution   than a revolution.   It is reasonable to assume that health care is a need and a right.  It is reasonable to assume that it is affordable, and well within our collective means.  We have survived as a species by working collectively.  It isn't altruism.. it was necessary for survival.  Looking out for your neighbor means that he will look out for you... and if he doesn't, the guy on the other side will.  Provided you're not a complete douche (which is the point of why it's not altruism to look out for your neighbor, but is actually done in self-interest).  Reason and observation will also show you why it's a good idea to have a healthy ""herd"". "	FAVOR
3800	healthcare	" High US health care costs are not attributable to poor American health"	FAVOR
3801	healthcare	"Governments might attempt to control costs by gaining or enforcing monopsony power. For example, governments, such as Canada, have outlawed medical care if the service is paid for by private individual funds."	AGAINST
3802	healthcare	"What if, Keeping cost down means that we suffer the least trauma for those who can afford treatment while we sacrifice 30 + percent of the population to more trauma and illness? Is the option to allow a combination of both systems to prosper taxing all, rebating non-access system users taxed a ""%"" back at the end of 5 years?"	FAVOR
3803	healthcare	"There are some facts about those infant mortality statistics that perhaps you should consider...namely, the criteria used to compile them. For example, Dr. Linda Halderman shed some important light on this.     /In this article, Dr. Halderman documents the myriad differences from country to country in the methodology.Adjusted for these differences, infant mortality rates in the U.S. are no worse than other countries, despite the large number of illegal immigrants living here, as well as a less healthy lifestyle. Of course, mere statistics never justify the violation of anyoneÃ•s rights. As for the level of neo-natal care in America, I can attest to its high quality. My granddaughter was born at 25 weeks and 1.4 pounds, and is now a healthy, thriving 5 year old.Cuba? Cuba is a dictatorship. That means the flow of all information is strictly controlled by the government, and there is no free, investigative press or freedom-of-information laws. But just the fact that you use a dictatorship to support your call for socialized medicine is quite telling.When did ""we...as a society"" decide on government-run schooling? It evolved from a flaw at our foundingÃ‰the failure of the Founders to protect freedom of education from political intrusion, in the way that religious freedom was protected behind the Ã’wall of separationÃ“ between church and state. I fully and passionately believe that a proper education for every child is one of a parentÃ•s most solemn responsibilities. But I oppose government-run schools, for the same reason as I oppose government-run healthcare. It is immoral, impractical, and a violation of individual rights. But I guess, as an independent thinking human being, I donÃ•t qualify as a part of this Ã’societyÃ“ that you claim makes these decisions. WhatÃ•s interesting here is that you would actually use the example of public education to justify socialized medicine. Public education is beset by exploding costs, and deteriorating quality...just what one would expect from a coercive political monopoly. American medicine is heading down the same path, due to massive government interference and controls. A complete healthcare dictatorship, rather than a return to freedom in medicine, is the wrong solution for anyone who values quality, readily available health care. An ""American caste system"" is exactly what would result from putting the state in charge of all economic decision-makingÃ‰which is apparently what you want to do. In a free market...which we now have only in bits and piecesÃ‰everyone is free to act on his own judgement, and to advance as far as his ability and ambition will carry him. If one wishes to increase his pay, he is free to increase his skills, work longer hours, seek another job, or create his own job by starting a business. What he is not allowed to do, in a free, rights-respecting society, is force job-creating businesses to pay him more than they are willing to pay through government-imposed minimum wage laws. If you don't like the fact that a particular company hires people you donÃ•t approve of (moving jobs across seas), you are free to protest by refusing to buy their products. If you donÃ•t like a company's ""benefit"" policy, then again, you are free to move on. You see, when you are free, you control your life...which means you are not at anyoneÃ•s mercy. That is what the ""free"" in free market means. When government regiments the economic life of a nationÃ‰when we are at the mercy of government officials...then actual individuals are locked into a cast, having become dependant on government favor. But I agree with you that "" 'Entitlements' aren't just lazy people trying to rip you off."" They are also big businesses seeking government subsidies, bailouts, and other favors. They are middle and upper middle class earners seeking ""affordable"" this or that, and then demanding that government force someone else to provide it. They are workers seeking ""living wages"" that they are not qualified for or that no one is willing to voluntarily pay them. They are residents of wealthy towns seeking to keep out lower-income ""undesirables"" in order to preserve the ""quality"" of ""their"" communities through restrictive zoning and planning practices. And, yes, they are also ""just lazy people trying to rip you off."" They come in all shades, classes, and regions. And the entitlement mentality engulfing this country is made possible by one single common denominatorÃ‰the governmentÃ•s power to hand out economic favors to some at the expense of others. A universal healthcare entitlement is a lose-lose proposition. You hand over your money to a central planning bureaucracy, and in return you give up the right to make your own health care decisions. "	AGAINST
3804	healthcare	On a personal note, I'd trust the government to take care of me more than a private insurance company. Also, the most I've ever waited at the DMV is an hour. I had to wait months and months in order to see a specialist my doctor referred me to (of course, one my insurance would cover), and then when I finally got to see the specialist, he had so many appointments that he only saw me for about 5 minutes. I think Universal Health care would be better for everyone, for the reasons I've already outlined. I'm not focusing solely on the poor. What numbers are you referencing?	FAVOR
3805	healthcare	" Public option is really about making way for a single-payer system Gregory Mankiw. ""The pitfalls of the public option"". New York Times. June 27, 2009: ""the public plan would likely undercut private firms and get an undue share of the market. [...] President Obama might not be disappointed if that turned out to be the case. During the presidential campaign, he said, 'If I were designing a system from scratch, I would probably go ahead with a single-payer system.'"""	AGAINST
3806	healthcare	"Government-funded universal health care is not a ""right"" Anthony Randazzo. ""Questioning the ""Right"" to Health Care"". Reason Foundation. 2009. - ""People sometimes argue in favor of a universal human right to health care by saying that health care is different from all other human goods or products. It is supposedly an important precondition of life itself. This is wrong: There are several other, much more important preconditions of human existence, such as food, shelter and clothing...."""	AGAINST
3807	healthcare	Well actually I can because my tax dollars went towards it, whoops. ;)Had my tax dollars not gone towards it I would have paid for the service, just like I'm doing now, whoops. ;)And if the service cost more than what I currently pay, I would still pay it because the number of people that could afford it would be reduced and I wouldn't get so many e-mails about how to make my dick bigger and stay up longer, whoops. ;)	AGAINST
3808	healthcare	"""But you gladly give your   money   up for roads you do not travel on,   water   you do not drink, garbage that isn't yours, libraries you will never enter, etcetera etcetera etcetera. You gladly pay for the   health care   of   senators   that don't give a crap about you, and millions of other federal employees that don't do a damn thing for you. ""  NO I DON'T!!!!  I grudgingly oblige to pay my   taxes   every year because if I don't I go to jail.  And then of course you continued to insult me based on these false assumptions... thanks.""you don't like the United States of America and the ideals it was founded upon... again... ignoring the fact that it was basically a group of rich white guys who didn't want to pay taxes. We've ignored that fact since we could print text books and lie about it, why stop now?""  I have never deluded myself into thinking that anyone except white tax hating men founded this country.  I completely agree with them 100%.  Even after all the checks and balances they built into the system, it still managed to get out of control because people love power over others.  I don't want power over others and I don't want others to have power over me.  Unfortunately, they do.  I am afraid to speed, I am afraid to not pay taxes, I am afraid to do things that I should be allowed to do because they cause no harm to anyone else.  I am afraid to buy   marijuana   and sell   alcohol   to 20 year olds.  Don't get me wrong, I definitely believe in having laws and upholding them.  I just wish there was a limit on what laws can be created.""But if all you end up being (profession-wise) is a janitor, you deserve to not lose the home you worked just as hard as I did for mine (and Bill Gates for his)"" I'm sorry, I firmly believe that Bill Gates worked his ass off to get where he is.  I'm currently working my ass off to get where I want to be and the only way I would be a janitor is if I gave up and stopped trying.  People get where they want in life by putting in as much work as they're willing to put in.  If someone is a janitor, it's because he wasn't willing to work hard enough to get to carpenter.""Are you confusing material possessions with what makes a person better?"" I'll let you decide.I want to earn enough money to send my   kids   to   college  .  I want to have enough money to go on vacations and spend time with my future family.  I want to earn enough to buy the best   health insurance  .  I want enough to provide a comfortable home and nutritional   food  .  I want to earn enough to take time off work to teach them morals and educate them on how to be a better person to themselves and to others.  I want enough money to afford to donate to organizations I think are worthy and not corrupt.  I want to earn enough money to buy my kids gymnastics lessons or hockey lessons or whatever they want to do.  I want to earn enough money that I don't have to keep struggling to find a better job... I want to be a college professor someday and help students achieve their dreams.  If that doesn't pay enough, I will strive to be a research director for a biomedical   technology   company to design and test biomedical devices to increase the quality of life for many people.  And I want to buy a very nice computer monitor so my research is easier and more enjoyable.  By the way, I am a girl, why does everyone mistake me for a man?""Does This make Me a better person?"" Yes.  Compared only to yourself if you were more lazy and greedy.  I don't compare people to other people, I compare them to what they could be.  A murderer could have been a better person.And now, off to try to find that link..."	AGAINST
3809	healthcare	We already have   universal health care   It just doesn't work very well. The poor get   health care  , but who pays for it? When a hospital writes off a bill who pays? Most of the people who go bankrupt because of hospital bills had   health insurance  . The question isn't do we need   health   reform. But how do we fix the problems?	FAVOR
3810	healthcare	"Universal Health Care is not an evil institution. I scanned over the opponent's arguments and saw things like, ""Universal Health Care is robbery"". Is cumpolsory public education also robbery? What about fire protection and police protection for all? There are some things to which all people are entitled, such as education and healthcare, and we live in a nation and time where that is possible. The private insurers have had ample opportunity to update their business model to actually care for all insured, but have chosen not to. They prioritize profits, denying payment for care whenever possible. They deny people admission into plans based on ""pre-existing conditions"" and the like. We need insurance that actually covers us and covers us all. Since private insurance companies apparently can't step up to the plate to fill this need, I see no issue with the government doing so."	FAVOR
3811	healthcare	 No. Obamas health care plan is dumb to say the least. We borrowed 7 billion dollars for what? To try to fix the economy? Has it worked yet? NO! It hasnt! Obama is full of ideas but he has no idea how to execute. Health care will put the economy in even more of a crisis. When willl americans learn. Obama is a mad man if he thinks he can pull this health care system out of his anus and make it work. We are in more and more debt everyday. Why make it worse and worse?	AGAINST
3812	healthcare	Do spellin bother thee Universal health care it the only way to go in my mind. Otherwise is will continue to spiral out of control and more and more will be excluded for the idea of care. Like I said stop the War on US (drugs) take that 100 billion and pay for universal health care we should have about 30 billion left over. We could party??Give me liberty or give me Death! Is that spelled right?	FAVOR
3813	healthcare	" Healthcare reform/regulation can succeed without public option Stuart Butler. ""The Case Against: The public plan will unfairly crowd out private coverage"". Heritage Foundation. July 28, 2009: ""One argument is that a government-sponsored plan is needed so that Americans with modest income and chronic medical problems -- the kind of people who are literally uninsurable -- can be assured of getting coverage. [...] But this overlooks everything else that has already been agreed. There's bipartisan support for subsidies and health exchanges to assure portable, affordable coverage. Even the health insurance industry would accept revamped regulation to limit premium variation so that sicker people can get coverage. And we've made great progress in recent years with reinsurance and risk adjustment mechanisms to handle high-risk people. [...] A public plan does nothing to advance on this. It is anathema to many of the very people who are in agreement and just throws a monkey wrench into the discussion."""	AGAINST
3814	healthcare	" Choosing between complicated health insurance plans is difficult John Holahan and Linda Blumberg. ""Is the Public Plan Option a Necessary Part of Health Reform?"" Urban Institute: ""there is considerable variation in health insurance products sold, and consumers have great difficulty in making price and quality comparisons. This is especially true in the private nongroup insurance market, but is increasingly true in commercial group insurance as well. [...] The products offered by sellers in insurance and hospital markets are complex and difficult to understand and evaluate. It is almost impossible to compare prices of either insurance products or services provided by hospitals and other health providers."" [The status quo, therefore, offers little ""reasoned choice"". Simple public insurance would make it easier on consumers.]"	FAVOR
3815	healthcare	" Public insurance bureaucracies are better than private ones Paul Waldman. ""The Public Option and the Hope of Health Care Reform"". American Prospect. December 23, 2008: ""There is no doubt that the insurance companies and their Republican allies in Congress will fight the inclusion of a public option with every bit of power they can muster. They'll call it 'socialized medicine' -- but by now we should all have realized that Republicans will call any health care reform Democrats propose 'socialized medicine' (that's what they said about Clinton's 1993 health plan, whose chief cost containment measure was enhancing the role of HMOs). They'll scream about 'government bureaucrats getting between you and your doctor.' But anyone who has tried to get reimbursement for a medical service from an insurance company that didn't want to provide it knows that government bureaucrats are pussycats compared to insurance company bureaucrats."" "	FAVOR
3816	healthcare	" Single-payer health care reduces complexities faced by patients Insurance companies often make life as difficult as possible for patients through complicated rules and qualifications. Again, profit-interests motivate this because it makes it less likely that patients will seek a claim. This is all very stressful and time-consuming for patients. A single-payer system would simplify things."	FAVOR
3817	healthcare	"Public insurance option may force private insurers to increase rates. ""The End of Private Health Insurance"". Wall Street Journal (editorial). April 13, 2009: ""As people gravitate to 'free' or heavily subsidized care, the inevitably explosive costs will be covered in part with increased outlays to keep premiums artificially low or even offer extra benefits. Lacking such taxpayer cash, private insurance rates will escalate."""	AGAINST
3818	healthcare	"I don't think you are understanding the argument, let me see if I can lend some clarity.1) Health care is not a ""right.""Rights are freedoms of action in a social context.  They are not an obligation on others to provide goods or services.  Yes, your right to life, liberty and pursuit of happiness does mean that you have the right to seek medical services. It does not mean you have to violate the right to life, liberty and pursuit of happiness of others by demanding they provide it.We have the freedom of speech but this does not put an obligation on others to reply what you said on TV and make others watch.  We have the freedom of the press but this does not mean the government should create newspapers for each of us, or that I can force the New York Times to print my views.  We have the freedom of religion but this does not mean the government ought to build churches at someone else's cost or force everyone into a single monolithic religion.  Like wise, your freedom to contract with others to attain goods and services does not mean that others are obligated to provide those goods and services.2) Other countries aren't doing it well so we shouldn't do it at all.You're right in your assertion that just because someone else fails at something does not mean we will as well.  However, all countries that provide or have provided universal health care have struggled or collapsed.  This doesn't mean we should give up health care but it does mean we shouldn't try to emulate faltering systems.  Could we improve? Possibly.  Will we improve? Maybe, no one's done it yet though.  Does this mean we should coercively enlist all people into a single system that we can't guarantee is better when all evidence shows it creates more problems?  No.3) It's ""Socialized Medicine"".We aren't paying only when its an emergency.  Why would we expect more of the same to work when it hasn't anywhere else?  Why should we avoid a system, the free market, when it has worked  in every where else?  Don't confuse a free market system with a charity free system and don't confuse a socialist system with a free charity system.  What we need is a voluntary solution that emphasizes the patient, not a coerced monopoly that dehumanizes us all."	AGAINST
3819	healthcare	The article tries to draw a distinction between the cost of healthcare and how much is spent on healthcare. That is playing with words. What it is actually getting at is the difference between the cost of healthcare and its efficiency.As the article points out, most single-payer systems cost between 8 and 12% of GDP whereas the US system is 16% of GPD. Remember that the US GDP per person is typically significantly higher than other industrialised countries. So we are talking about a higher percantage of a higher number. The cost/expense of healthcare per person is MUCH higher in the USA than other industrialised countries.Is this money being spent efficiently? Do US citizens get far superior healthcare to say French, Canadian or English citizens? It is important to look at the figures - not just quote newspaper headlines (especially the Daily Mail!).  The article from the NPA (       ) show that US healthcare is not outstanding compared to other industrialised countries and is rather poor in some respects.	FAVOR
3820	healthcare	"Under investment in single-payer system leads to capacity shortages A lack of willingness to invest in expensive technology leads to shortages in areas such as MRI scanning. Some would argue that only the price mechanism in free market health care can allocate resources efficiently and that political pressure often leads to shortages in socialized systems."	AGAINST
3821	healthcare	" The majority of doctors in the US support universal health care A 2008 survey of over 2,000 American doctors found that 59 percent support legislation to establish a national health insurance program, while 32 percent said they opposed it, researchers reported in the journal Annals of Internal Medicine[1]"	FAVOR
3822	healthcare	...you end up with a simple equation.The national-healthcare systems spend less...and the results are better. 	FAVOR
3823	healthcare	You've got to be kidding. This is America, you can be a socialist if you want to be, but don't pretend it's patriotic. American is founded on individual rights, the rights to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. It's your life and your responsibility to support it and to pursue your own values that make you happy. You do not have the right to force others to pay to support your life. As a participant in an HSA, all I can say is thank goodness for them! Not as good as a free market system would be but a lot better than the HMOs and other quasi-socialized health schemes I've been forced to participate in. People should note, that under a free market system many types of healthcare arrangements would evolve to cater for various needs, including those on low income who cannot afford expensive healthcare. But as this argument shows, the socialists have nothing but hostility to any vestige of freedom in their system, they even want to shut down even the mild HSAs that allow the individual a modicum of control over their healthcare! (This is exactly what's happened in education, people are fleeing public schools to private schools and home schools, and teachers unions have opposed those options too). But don't take my word for it, you can be a victim of socialized medicine in any of the many places that practice it around the globe. I have. Let's be patriotic and keep it out of the United States, and reverse the creeping socialism that is already infecting our healthcare. 	AGAINST
3824	healthcare	Recommend your own posts.	AGAINST
3825	healthcare	Get the Roger Moore film SICKO open your eyes read. Our country (sadly) is run by corporations they do not want you to have universal health care because they are greedy. The Canadians love their system you can go to any doctor at no cost and they get quality care. Our greedy corporations will lie and tell you the system is bad and you don't want it THEY LIE!!! Hospitals that operate for profit doctors the AMA insurance companies they are all getting rich the way it is and we are stuck with this system that we have. We need universal health care it is a right to have health care not just he wealthy. 	FAVOR
3826	healthcare	There are positive rights. A right to life is one of those rights.	FAVOR
3827	healthcare	" Public insurance is unfair competition for private insurers ""The End of Private Health Insurance"". Wall Street Journal (editorial). April 13, 2009: ""A public program won't compete in a way that any normal business would recognize. As an entitlement, Congress's creation will enjoy potentially unlimited access to the Treasury, without incurring the risks or hedging against losses that private carriers do."""	AGAINST
3828	healthcare	" Universal health care will have rules that decrease patient flexibility ""Should the Government Provide Free Universal Health Care for All Americans?"" Balanced Politics.org - ""Government-controlled health care would lead to a decrease in patient flexibility.  At first glance, it would appear universal health care would increase flexibility. After all, if government paid for everything under one plan, you could in theory go to any doctor. However, some controls are going to have to be put in to keep costs from exploding. For example, would ""elective"" surgeries such as breast implants, wart removal, hair restoration, and lasik eye surgery be covered? [...] The compromises that result will put in controls that limit patient options. The universal system in Canada forces patients to wait over 6 months for a routine pap smear. Canada residents will often go to the U.S. or offer additional money to get their health care needs taken care of."""	AGAINST
3829	healthcare	I'd like to have   health insurance   that I didn't have to ask each time to make sure what part they were going to pay.	FAVOR
3830	healthcare	"Universal health care in the US is not a ""necessity"". Health care is not a right. It is, therefore, not ""necessary"" for the government to provide universal health care. A public plan, subsequently, is not a ""necessity"", in-so-far as it may offer universal coverage."	AGAINST
3831	healthcare	Jesus Christ, you guys are like a broken record. Here, let me provide you with this handy visual aide:[socialism]----------------------------2--1----------[capitalism] 1 = Where we are now2 = What Democrats want	FAVOR
3832	healthcare	Oh yeah, one more point. You fail to forget the government systems in place currently that assist with food, housing, and health care. I would suggest you do some further digging Leon.	FAVOR
3833	healthcare	" Conservatives fear successful public plan undermines their arguments Paul Waldman. ""The Public Option and the Hope of Health Care Reform"". American Prospect. December 23, 2008: ""Republicans fear that the public option would work, and therefore undermine their broader arguments about the evil of government and the perfection of the market (and make voters thankful to Democrats to boot)."""	FAVOR
3834	healthcare	I've always been in favor of some type of Socialized medicine in the country but I think with all the fighting going on at town halls and such it's hard to know what the bill's attributes are at this point. No one seems to be clear on what should go or what should stay in this reform. I'm confused as heck about it and don't know which side has the better point (s). What is the fuss really all about here?	FAVOR
3835	healthcare	"US has existing examples of public insurance, public-private hybrids.Tom Daschle. ""A public plan will reduce costs and improve access"". Newsweek. May 2, 2009: ""A growing number of Americans already get their health care from a public plan, including Medicare, Medicaid and the Children's Health Insurance Plan (the Department of Veterans Affairs, of course, also provides benefits). There are public-private hybrids as well, like state employee health plans where the government assumes the risk and insurance companies are responsible for the management. The use of a public plan as it is currently proposed is simply an extension of what we have already done in public policy during the last 50 years. We just have to circle the bases."" This should dampen concerns that a public plan is somehow ""foreign"", and a dramatic attempt to socialize medicine. "	FAVOR
3836	healthcare	"Here is the Obama Healthcare Proposal link (lol, apparently the webmaster who posted this doesn't know how to filter spam comments, that aside, it's the entire bill)First the fear tactics being used by the Isurance industry:1. Death Panels - they don't exist, end of life counseling is simply when a person at any time in their life, (they don't even have to be dying that's just when people do it usually) discusses with their doctor (not the government) what to do in the event of life support, donating organs, etc. All of the choices are the individual's, doctors have no say, the government has no say. As Jon Stewart pointed out very well part 1 part 22. We would pay for the healthcare of illegal non-citizens:Simply not true. There is nothing in this or any proposed bill that would lead one to believe it were true. There is nothing that could even be mistaken for something that could lead to this being true later. It's a lie aimed at a specific group of people to get them riled against the bill.3. They are going to take money away from Medicare:Ignoring that Medicare is a government program and the naysayers should be all for taking money away from medicare - if they were basing their arguements on principle at least - this is not true either. Here is where Medicare is mentionedA. in a pricing section stating a public plan shall not excede the price set in a Medicare program where the price has been set, ie, you can't charge more than medicare charges an individual.B. in defining ""qualified person"" one of the qualifications is to not already have Medicare Part A and B C. again referring to cost, it states pricing should ""substantially"" reflect the pricing under medicareThose are the only scare tactics I've heard so far, but I'm sure there are more, and if anyone is scared by them, feel free to read it yourself or ask me.Now for what it does say, cliff notes, the whole bill is there if you want more details:1. a person cannot be denied coverage for any pre-existing condition2. a person cannot be denied renewal based on anything at all3. prices should reflect prices set in existing government health programs (medicare, medicaid, VA, government employee healthcare, etc) and should not excede these costs and where prices have not already been set should be determined by the Secretary4. healthcare is mandatory for all citizens (the 30 million who don't have it need to get it, kind of like you can't drive without insurance)5. individuals choose their own doctor. An insurance co. can no longer tell you what doctor they will or won't cover, and of course the government does not tell you what doctor to see.6. medical decisions are made by health professionals (doctors, nurses, chiropractors, etc) and the individual, and insurance companies no longer have any say in the care of a patient7. no one can interfere with these rightsI fail to see the downside outside of the initial cost, which could easily be compensated by 30 million people paying into the system who currently do not.However, no program in the history of mankind has ever been perfect, and I'm sure there will be problems,but again, we have the worst Healthcare system of the industrialized world. There are third world countries with better Healthcare right now. Every country with some kind of public healthcare has better Healthcare than we do. I fail to see how this wouldn't be much better than what we have."	FAVOR
3837	healthcare	Because everyone deserves the right to receive good medical attention without having to be in debt for life.	FAVOR
3838	healthcare	" No universal health care leads to excessive, expensive use of the ER It is true that when people do not have health car, they more frequently utilize the ER for care. The ER is a costly alternative."	FAVOR
3839	healthcare	For sure we should have Universal Healthcare the insurance companies can be in the car, house and life insurance business but not in the   health care   business. I want my doctor to decide what treatment I should have not the for profit health care insurance we presently have. The Health care insurance profit more by denying we the people coverage, Universal Healthcare is practiced in most of the other nations I know England, Canada, France, Australia, New Zealand and many other countries have it why not here.  I was born in England where they have Universal   healthcare   and it works perfectly there. My Dad who passed away was able to stay at home through his illness as his Doctor came and visited him even on a Sunday and it did not cost my Mother a penny.  My Mother who lives in England is now 85 and she does not pay a penny for her doctor or   medication  . Old people should be taken care of, they work hard and pay their   taxes  .  I have worked hard all my life and paid my taxes I want to be assured  I will be taken care of when I get old. I   exercise   and try and eat right. UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE is what we need in this country	FAVOR
3840	healthcare	"Don't worry, I'm sure there are many visions for universal   health care   in this country.  It seems to me that what most supporters want is an outcome where everybody can get and afford health care.  In my case I have had heart and vascular surgery (among others) which make me uninsurable.  I for one support a voucher system which would allow everyone to choose their provider.  The government would have to open their employee   health   system at the voucher price (ie free to all), but private insurers could compete freely for the voucher payment by offering better products.I didn't know you couldn't purchase   health insurance   across state lines.  There are many valid point the ""no"" side bring up.  I would accept tort reform as part of the solution.  The strength of our   democracy  , and this new way to converse called the Internet, is that we can blend the best ideas from all to arrive at a better way.  I wouldn't want anyone to feel they were ""drafted"" into a health insurance system that they didn't want.  I'm sure all employers would love to get the health care benefit off their books.  They could still offer sweeter deals as recruitment tools.  But once this gets passed, watch our   economy   take off.  The potential growth in the GDP could absorb the absurd debt we are forced into.As for the draft.  I didn't go to Canada because I like America and had no reason to believe that an amnesty would be offered later on.  But even so, at the time I believed that countries have the right to conscript armies when necessary.  I'm still thinking a 2 year government service requirement for all wouldn't be a bad thing.  Almost all moral systems allow for obligation to the greater   society  .  But this is a great topic for another heated thread.  I'll read your link later, but I don't cast my argument for UHC on moral grounds, rather on practical and economic benefits which I believe all will enjoy once this paradigm gets shifted."	FAVOR
3841	healthcare	"First of all, what you - Mike Zermack - are doing is taking my words and distorting them by putting them in sentences I never had them in.  So it's interesting that you should I am distorting things (and am wrong for doing it, even though I'm not) when you appear to be a master at that. What's that called? Hypocrisy?  Hmmm.  Second of all, how can I distort the glorious phrase when I have made no mention of it? What Mike Zermack is doing is firstly putting words into my mouth (or... keyboard? We'll have to invent a new term for that, I think) and the informing himself that I am wrong about something I have never said. Mike Zermack is further assuming that it is lack of material success that leads to a person's illness, poor health, apendicitis, pneumonia, or any other such thing.   Mike Zermack further leads us to believe that a person's health is not his welfare.   He further ignores the part of that ""glorious"" document that gives us the words (which I have not mentioned, at any point until now) ""all men are created equal"" that ensures our government shall ""promote the general welfare"".     Mike Zermack fails to grasp is that a government ""of the people, by the people, and for the people"" does not promote individual rights, it promotes the rights of ALL the people... for to promote only individual rights acknowledges that we are not created equal. To do so would be to go against the very nature of those words.  This doesn't mean that there are no rights OF the individual, but that promotion of the rights of all people is equal.  ""Of the people, by the people, and for the people"" requires that we work COLLECTIVELY. TOGETHER.  Synonymous for what? United? Hmm. Eeenteresting. Ze Germans would have agreed (but since most of the ruling families have had connections to Nazi-ism, it's not surprising). Further more, by allowing the ""free market"" - which everyone agrees does not work the way it should (for the same reason, incidentally, that communism can never work... greed and corruption) - to provide and promote (in a half-assed, greedy and corrupt manner) the general welfare instead of the government (which Is the people) and the health of ALL people suffer.  For the right of this is then limited to those who Have achieved excess in their pursuit of material success.    Again, as though lack of material success means that one just doesn't have accidents happen, or emergencies occur.   As though people who are poor don't work hard.   Because THAT's not a fallacy. Now thank you, Mike Germack, for not only attributing to me things I did not say, but also taking things I did say completely out of context so badly as to make you a LIAR, and a delusional one at that.  You know exactly what I meant...  but kudos again for being an ass about it.  Universalised health care doesn't mean doctors will be not be paid, or be paid less... it means that anyone who needs to see a doctor can.   So doctors will not be enslaved.  As it stands, the wealth of this country rests in the hands of the very few, who exert their control to keep it a very small group.  THAT is what I meant, and you know it. You also know I'm correct... but to do so would be to acknowledge to you small mind that perhaps the system we've been operating under doesn't work so hot. Further more, don't be such a presumptuous ass as to make assumptions about MY view because I  don't think Socialism is a dirty word...but is in fact a necessary component to a capitalistic society to balance out the inescapable fact that capitalism denies the rights of the individuals because it promotes power above individual rights; because  capitalism simply abuses human rights WHENEVER it can get away with it.  Because it is NOT perfectly functioning.  Or maybe you missed the part of that post where I said I liked - for the most part - capitalism?    Not surprising since you seem to be delusional to the point of thinking I've said anything about equality and that ""glorious"" nicety of all men being equal. The only way we can ever move forward and progress towards the more perfect union is to take parts of many different disciplines and combine them.   Capitalism alone does not work. Socialism alone does not work. Communism alone does not work (although I think this is mostly due to size.. the size of the ""community"" is what prohibits the proper functioning).  Relying on one system alone is the surest way to a dead civilization.   "	FAVOR
3842	healthcare	Follow the link I left (it's the one that says source at the end of the quote) and you'll find the exact report with that exact line in it.Here it is again.	FAVOR
3843	healthcare	" Medicare out-performs private insurance, is a model for public insurance Jacob Hacker. ""The case for public plan"". The Institute for America's Future: ""The case made in this brief is that this menu of health plans must include a good public plan modeled after Medicare if the broad goals of reformÃ‘universal insurance and improved valueÃ‘are to be achieved. [...] First, public insurance has a better track record than private insurance when it comes to reining in costs while preserving access. By way of illustration, between 1997 and 2006, health spending per enrollee (for comparable benefits) grew at 4.6 percent a year under Medicare, compared with 7.3 percent a year under private health insurance. At the same time, Medicare has maintained high levels of provider participation and patient access to care. [...] Medicare has proven superior at cost control not just to health plans in the private sector, but also to private plans that contract with the federal government, such as those offered through the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program (FEHBP)Ã‘suggesting that public insurance can outperform private plans even in the context of insurance reforms."""	FAVOR
3844	healthcare	three weeks. but my x-wife is the one that told me the stories. but if I have to elaborate more than that then..... I made it all up. I'm really tired today. I just don't have the energy. Maybe tomorrow.	FAVOR
3845	healthcare	" Just because Americans are uninsured doesn't mean they can't get health care ""Should the Government Provide Free Universal Health Care for All Americans?"" Balanced Politics.org - ""Just because Americans are uninsured doesn't mean they can't receive health care; nonprofits and government-run hospitals provide services to those who don't have insurance, and it is illegal to refuse emergency medical service because of a lack of insurance. While uninsured Americans are a problem in regards to total system cost, it doesn't mean health care isn't available. This issue shouldn't be as emotional since there are plenty of government and private medical practices designed to help the uninsured. It is illegal to refuse emergency treatment, even if the patient is an illegal immigrant."""	AGAINST
3846	healthcare	Insurance companies are making healthcare an unaffordable luxury in america and it really needs to be stopped and or regulated so at the very least people that have insurance can receive the care they pay for. far to many people are being bankrupt by this current system	FAVOR
3847	healthcare	So your idea of a truly free society without the horrific burden of taxation would be one where people can only go within walking distance, or, alternatively, the millions of people in the US dependant on going further than within walking distance would have to depend solely on businesses operating horse and cart services along dust tracks? What you're proposing with a society ithout taxation is a return the middle ages. That sound great. Sign me up.	FAVOR
3848	healthcare	" A cigarette tax is a socially responsible way to pay for health care"	FAVOR
3849	healthcare	"Government-run health insurance restricts doctor/patient choices. Republicans argued in a June 2009 letter to President Obama: ""[Public insurance] would be a federal government takeover of our healthcare system, taking decisions out of the hands of doctors and patients and placing them in the hands of a Washington bureaucracy.""[2]"	AGAINST
3850	healthcare	"I mean when you don't have insurance and you have to go to the hospital for any type of surgery or more than a ""doctor visitation"" the cost really hurts those who do not have a lot of money. They then either spend years struggling trying to pay it off or they just can't pay it and it ruins their credit etc. For example, to pay insurance by yourself costs around $300 a month. Now that's for one person. The reason no one is rolling over dead is because most higher level jobs include insurance and they cover a little more than half of that cost. Let's say you don't have the best job and aren't getting insurance. Add in rent, food, transportation, bills, etc....How long do you think it would take you to pay a surgery if this were to happen? How would you ever get ahead? I struggled with underprivileged students for over a year and this was something I would hear. It would always baffle me as to how they couldn't get out of the situation but it really is cyclical. It's very said. I would speak with teens and over 50% already had kids at 17 and 18. (they were already 1 to 2 years old) Say what you will but when you're in the front lines it's a different story. I'm sure many on this create debate website haven't lived without the pleasantries of life. Huge assumption but you can tell by the way people present their cases. I've been on both sides, lived with luxury and had to be forced to live without it. I'm no authority but I've seen enough to say universal is the way this country will go and should go. I've also lived over in Spain and their health care is very good. (universal) I'd also be curious to hear the opinions from people that live on their own or pay for all their lifestyle and see their background."	FAVOR
3851	healthcare	"The flawed premise behind ""universal health care"" is regarding health care as a ""right"". Health care is a need, but not a ""right"", and that's a critical difference. A right is a freedom of action, such as the right to free speech or right to contract. It is not an unearned automatic claim on the goods or services produced by another person -- that's just state-sanctioned theft or slavery. Just because my neighbor is hungry, it doesn't give him the right to take a can of soup from my pantry.Rights only impose negative obligations on others -- for instance, my right to free speech only means that someone else (my neighbor or the government) can't stop me. If someone chooses to leave me alone, then he hasn't violated my rights.Any alleged ""right"" to health care can only be implemented by violating the actual rights of doctors and other health care providers. This is why ""universal health care"" is such a grossly immoral policy, and should be opposed as such."	AGAINST
3852	healthcare	"Public insurance option is a reasonable compromise. The public insurance option is a compromise between the very prominent extremes of those that want the continuation of the status quo - with solely private insurance companies in charge of health care - and those that advocate for a single-payer system, in which insurance companies simply cease to exist. It is therefore, unreasonable to argue that such a half-way compromise (that concedes the possibility of destroying the insurance industry altogether with a single-payer system) goes to far. It is a reasonable compromise that should not be seen as a deal-breaker by opponents of government programs."	FAVOR
3853	healthcare	hahaha Times like this I wish I could upvote more than once.	AGAINST
3854	healthcare	By the way...    in striving to be better than your neighbors... what does that actually mean?That you can buy more things?   That you work harder to buy more stuff? Do you need a plasma flat screen whatever?  Does it make you better to have it?  Do you need a 12 man hottub?  Does THIS make you better?  What about a bigger boat?  Does That make you better?  A bigger car?  A more expensive bike?Are you confusing material possessions with what makes a person better?     I didn't buy a new car this year.  Guess what I did?   I actually spent time with my family.  Wow.  On vacation.  Where we ate at restaurants, bought crappy t-shirts, over-paid for silly drawings from local artists, and tipped generously.   I didn't buy a flat screen from Best-Buy where the guy who might've sold it to me is barely making it (but hey...  those rich guys pay the highest salaries... or... don't they?), but I bought season tickets.  And everytime I go I'll be spending   money   where it stays local and more people benefit from it.   Does This make Me a better person?  No.  It just means the money I spend is a bit more spread out and more people benefit from it.   You're not a better person because you can buy more things than another person...  	FAVOR
3855	healthcare	" Insurance industry has sufficient competition w/o public option Karl Rove. ""How to Stop Socialized Health Care"" Wall Street Journal. June 11, 2009: ""Advocates say a government-run insurance program is needed to provide competition for private health insurance. But 1,300 companies sell health insurance plans. That's competition enough. The results of robust private competition to provide the Medicare drug benefit underscore this. When it was approved, the Congressional Budget Office estimated it would cost $74 billion a year by 2008. Nearly 100 providers deliver the drug benefit, competing on better benefits, more choices, and lower prices. So the actual cost was $44 billion in 2008 -- nearly 41% less than predicted. No government plan was needed to guarantee competition's benefits."""	AGAINST
3856	healthcare	"The United Nations states under the Universal Declaration of Human Rights that everyone has a right to, among other things, medical care. It is absurd to say that impoverished people who are doing all they can to feed themselves and their family should be denied   health care  . It is equally absurd to believe that all 50 million of these people living in the United States can be helped by ""charity work."" Millions more impoverished americans who have insurance but can barely afford it are also harmed by the current health care plan.         Take this scenario for example: A poor Vietnamese immigrant develops a cough. He doesn't visit his doctor because he does not believe his condition is serious, and cannot afford a regular visit to the doctor. He waits and waits until he eventually coughs up blood. He finally visits his doctor and finds out he has a serious case of TB that has severely damaged his body. He has to pay more for extensive treatment and becomes more impoverished.With a government funded insurance program this scenario would not exist. The man would visit his doctor free of charge. He would be diagnosed early and would receive free preventative   medicine  . And he could still feed his family.Every industrialized country in the world (except the US) provides their citizens with free health care. We need to wake up and realize a government run insurance program is the only way to solve our current health care disaster. We must put special interests aside and help our citizens.Health Care is a right. If you disagree with that you disagree with the United Nations' and the United States' definition of Universal Human Rights."	FAVOR
3857	healthcare	actually, America's Health Care never was the envy of the world, because big corrparations and banks always look for a way to get more for themselfs, and here more than any other part of the world. I'd say Canada's healthcare is the envy of the world because you can have it for free or a cheap on from another country and stuff. Even Mexico has a better health care system than us (if you live in a city with a hospital instead of out in a area with like 2 people per mile)	FAVOR
3858	healthcare	"The insurance companies have already usurped the doctors by mandating treatments, while leaving the docs liable for the legal ramifications of their practice. Just why are the insurance companies in the way for health care? Money. This is a non-productive health care cost to the citizens. In fact it is a barrier for many to get the care they may need.As usual the proponents for the status quo neglect talking about the amount of savings to the public if insurance companies were no longer doling out the health care in the most minimal way possible.One has to look at what goes to the actual functions involved in care for individuals. We would be saving billions if health care were universal, in terms of what people and companies currently pay.More than half of the ""profits"" in the health care ""business"" are being eaten up by insurance companies. They have taken over authority for healthcare and left the liability for the doctors to suck on.Imagine if the healthcare industry didn't have to make the doctors pay for their insurance coverage, and if the public didn't have to pay for the mandated administration costs and directives for treatment of patients. Imagine a place where everyone didn't work for and pay the insurance companies. That is the sweet pot the insurance companies would have us do.Get sick, and who do you call? Some of the insurance companies that are ""supposed"" to provide the health care everyone pays for, would have you get ""preapproval"" to call an ambulance. Too bad the insurance company didn't contract an ambulance company in your region. Too bad you have to wait for the particular ambulance to be available while you have your heart attack. Too bad they rushed you to the closest hospital and not the one on your policy.Too bad everyone is screwed when medicine is run by insurance companies. Doctors, patients, everyone.Get rid of the unnecessary overhead, get insurance companies out of medicine."	FAVOR
3859	healthcare	You work in the insurance business, would you support universal health care knowing it would result in you losing your job? People are becoming more aware and actually doing some work to find out what is going on. I am retired and will gain nothing regardless of how this issue goes. I have insurance from the company I retired from. But unlike some I have compassion for the many that need help and are unable to get it. I think my fellow Americans should be helped like the Canadian system it does not see a difference between the poor or any other sector they all get the same quality care. Our system is all about making money not giving care. I even have a plan to cover the entire cost without tax money! The poor and powerless need help in this country you should get out more!!	FAVOR
3860	healthcare	Well, actually, you can't. You can't use the Internet as it was an innovation produced mostly by ARPANET (Advanced Research Projects Agency Network) and DARPA (Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency), both of which are agencies of the United States Department of Defense, and therefore publicly funded.Whoops.	FAVOR
3861	healthcare	" Free universal health care motivates people to seek preventive care Preventing illnesses before they arise is a very important strategy in public health. Universal health care encourages people to seek preventive treatments because it is free. This cuts health care costs substantially down the line."	FAVOR
3862	healthcare	 Healthcare is not a right.  It is a person's responsibility to do what is necessary to care for themselves.	AGAINST
3863	healthcare	"I just had the ""aha"" moment while reading your response.  Yes, we should turn away all non-emergencies from the emergency rooms.  Let the uninsured die.  Then only the insured will populate the country, eliminating the whole   health care   problem thing.  Freakin' brilliant.  Compassion is a religious value and therefor a violation of that Church and State thingee.  Let Darwin be Darwin and soon we'll only have the lower middle class to worry about.  Hell, they don't even vote, so they won't be much of a problem.  And that comment about something that benefits   society   not necessarily being mandated, and the argument for it not holding water.  Oh, hell yeah.  Dams hold water to prevent flooding and provide drinking water, but why the hell should we pay for them?  If the free market can't provide economical and safe water to the people, then let them drink beer.  And traffic lights.  What's up with that?  The military - if we all had   guns   and were willing to use them, and willing to buy tickets to Iraq and Afghanistan we wouldn't waste all that   money   on stealth bombers and stuff.  I've been reading up on the free market and it seems it is the answer to everything.  Actually black markets are the best because they are the purest form of free enterprise.  So it follows that the pot and meth dealers are the paragons of free market economics.  Adam Smith rocks."	FAVOR
3864	healthcare	"Socialism is never the solution.  Stealing   money   from some people (while calling it ""taxation"") to pay for the medical expenses of others in still wrong.  Does it matter if a mugger promises he will only use the money he is taking from you at gun-point to pay for a doctor visit for his kids?  A ""right"" can never include violating someone else's rights.  Socialized   medicine   violates the rights of every person at some point, from the doctor to the healthy person who is careful about maintaining his/her own   health  .  It is wrong."	AGAINST
3865	healthcare	"""First of all, people are calling it   single payer  . It's not. A single payer system is one where the government pays for everything through tax revenue, like they have in Canada. This is a   public option  ""So what is a public option?  Will individuals get to choose to pay or not to pay?Everyone keeps saying it's like medicare but I hate the concept of medicare..."	AGAINST
3866	healthcare	"I ask, where does this ""right"" derive from? If health care is a right, why not food, or housing too? I mean, if a right is something that the Government grants us, then what stops them from revoking that right when they don't feel like granting it any longer? For example, even the Soviet Union had a Constitution, wherein the Government granted its citizens, for the betterment of the Socialist state, the freedoms of speech, press, assembly and protest. However if their Government felt your speech, etc. wasn't ""for the betterment of the Socialist state"", then those rights didn't apply to you. The United States Constitution credits rights as being ""endowed by our Creator"", such that no argument can be openly made that the Government can revoke them. To re-define the meaning of what a right is, just because we think it'll help give us something that we want, puts us in a dangerous position where we'll be at the Government's mercy to grant those rights. The Government doesn't own us, so therefore it shouldn't have to take care of us like our mother did."	AGAINST
3867	healthcare	If our primary business competitors (excepting China) have   health   coverage for all, why don't we? Oh, the answer is GREEDY insurance companies that buy your Rep & Senator. When the Clinton proposal was made they paid $125,000,000 to defeat the measure. Next time it will be a BILLION DOLLARS if they feel the need to spend that much. FIRE THE INSURANCE COMPANIES AND VOTE OUT ANYONE THAT STANDS IN THE WAYjust my opinion...	FAVOR
3868	healthcare	Do you actually consider France a great bastian of Health Care?????Yes, the cost is low...but remember the warm wave (they called it a heat wave, but it barely got over 30 C)...they had hundreds of people die. Why? They couldn't go see a doctor.	AGAINST
3869	healthcare	 Although I fully back the concept of universal health coverage and I do acknowledge something has to be done to fix the current structure in light of demographic changes, I'm AGAINST his plan because I do not believe we can afford this right now.  We just borrowed gargantuan levels of money just to stop the economy from collapsing (and it's still not clear whether it worked yet), plus we're still in two wars, we simply cannot afford another huge price tag right now.  You don't borrow to buy a house well beyond your current financial means and then immediately turn around and borrow to buy a second house too.	AGAINST
3870	healthcare	recommend your own posts.	FAVOR
3871	healthcare	Other than the mercenary-motivation point that has so miraculously failed in general on the capitalism argument, all things being equal, how can any system that includes a profit margin not cost more than the same system that is nonprofit?	FAVOR
3872	healthcare	"Competition in private insurance can be improved without public plan. While it is true that the private insurance industry does have some anti-competitive monopolies, conglomerations, and State boundary issues, this does not mean that a more competitive environment cannot be created. This can and should be done, but it is unnecessary to inject into the equation a public insurer."	AGAINST
3873	healthcare	 It is not my obligation to pay for the healthcare of others. As a Christian, I am all for charity and think the church needs to step up to that far better than it has done so, but forced payment on my part removes that possibility. Not to mention, government programs are always a mess and our constitution is designed to limit governmental power for that reason.	AGAINST
3874	healthcare	You do pay for   police  . In your paychecks, your parking/speeding tickets, and for some services performed by the police you do pay them directly. 	AGAINST
3875	healthcare	                        	AGAINST
3876	healthcare	"Look at us.""The United States is the only wealthy, industrialized nation that does not have a universal health care system."" ( Insuring America's Health: Principles and Recommendations, Institute of Medicine at the National Academies of Science, 2004-01-14 ; The Case For Single Payer, Universal Health Care For The United States )""Current estimates put U.S. health care spending at approximately 15% of GDP, the highest in the world. A study of international health care spending levels in the year 2000, published in the health policy journal Health Affairs, found that while the U.S. spends more on health care than other countries in the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), the use of health care services in the U.S. is below the OECD median by most measures. The authors of the study concluded that the prices paid for health care services are much higher in the U.S. An estimated 84.7% of citizens have some form of health insurance coverage, either through their employer, purchased individually, or through government sources. The number of uninsured, at 45.7 million in 2007, decreased slightly from 2006, because government programs covered nearly 3 million more people."""	FAVOR
3877	healthcare	"Quality of health care is much worse under universal health care. According to Reuters in London, one in 10 patients admitted to National Health Service hospitals in Britain is unintentionally harmed and almost a million safety incidents, more than 2,000 of which were fatal, were recorded last year, according to a report on July 6, 2006. Such figures were ""terrifying enough"", the report by parliament's public accounts committee said, but the reality may be worse because of what it called ""substantial under-reporting"" of serious incidents and deaths in the NHS"	AGAINST
3878	healthcare	"Employers may dump their employees into public insurance. Stuart Butler. ""The Case Against: The public plan will unfairly crowd out private coverage"". Heritage Foundation. July 28, 2009: ""But there would actually be big changes for many already insured people. Faced with a low-cost public option, many employers would simply close down their existing plan and push their employees into the public plan. Remember that Wal-Mart encouraged eligible employees to sign up for Medicaid, until states and unions thwarted them. All serious analysts agree that many Americans would find themselves dumped into the public plan."""	AGAINST
3879	healthcare	"moisturize.... but with olive   oil   not with handcreme.i don't.  know if my new neighbors will call 911, that is.   but i act nicely out of self-interest and hope it works.nothing is ever just one system and one system alone.  none of them work separately.   nothing may ever work except more than temporarily, for that matter.because she also wanted attention. as do the people who risk death for no obvious rewards. the act may be ""good"" but the intentions are still motivated by selfish reasons. not really, because all those people are under the thumb of those who make OTHERS work harder while they receive more compensation.  remember...   china   is your version of ""communism"".  they don't have a choice.  or else it wouldn't be communist china.how does the u.s. Not support china? who in turn support ""ethnic cleansing"" and killing buddhists?like i said.. it was a distortion of capitalism.  the corruption of capitalism by the will-to-  power   (i've been nietzsche-ized... i can't help it. i've read 4 of his books in the past 5 weeks).  and that revolution of the worker only led to exactly what they revolutionaried it up for in the first place.   communism isn't supposed to be totalitarianistic.   it's lack... absolute lack... of any state. frikking durh. you can't have communism if you've a state. you only have a distortion of communism.   so therefore.... you're probably more of a communist than you think if you don't want a state."	FAVOR
3880	healthcare	"Here's the thing.  I'm a Viet Nam vet currently on my wife's insurance, so I'm happy with the system as long as my wife keeps her job.  So the only reason I want universal   health care   is to make sure that everyone else remains healthy and won't contaminate me.  That's my right, to not be infected by some untreated disease carried around by one of the uninsured.  Of course if my wife gets laid off like a few dozen of her co-workers did last week, then I'm totally screwed.  Oh, I'll get health care somehow, but you will pay for it with higher insurance premiums etc.  So thanks for that. Looking to the Declaration of Independence for   legal   precedence sets a dangerous precedent.  It was not ratified by ""the people"", just the signers.  Would Tom Jefferson walk by a pour soul having a grand mal seizure?  Or John Hancock ignore some wretch bleeding to death on the sidewalk from a knife attack?  These were honorable men, and I'll betcha they would all be horrified that a country with so much wealth, and so much medical knowledge and   technology   would withhold it from anyone who needed it.Universal health care doesn't have to mean single payer, or rationed care, or loss of control over your choices of providers.  There's plenty of smart folks in this country and we'll figure it out for you.  Just get out of the way so compassion and common sense can prevail.And having been drafted, I was an enslaved soldier for almost two years.  You're welcome."	FAVOR
3881	healthcare	"I think we should all have the same rights as did our founding fathers.  I also think we should be entitled to the same things as were our founding fathers.This country was founded on the principles that stated ""You have the right to work hard, and you are entitled to exactly those things which you earn.  Plymouth colony ""If you don't work, you don't eat""  Guess what folks, everyone worked.  No one said, ""Oh, I got a bad back and workmans' compensation or social security won't allow me to work"".   there was never a questino regarding abortion or welfare or 'universal healthcare'i just would remind all Americans that "" He who can regulate a thing, controls that thing"".  Be careful what you wish for!"	AGAINST
3882	healthcare	"Sure, provide government healthcare to all. Its seems that people complain that their ""illness"" prevents them from working. So, provide healthcare for all get them well and get rid of welfare to help balance the cost of healthcare. "	FAVOR
3883	healthcare	"Frequent cancellations are a feature of universal health care systems. A function of ""rationing"", doctors sometimes have to cancel visits in a single-payer system."	AGAINST
3884	healthcare	" US health care costs more because Americans are less healthy "	AGAINST
3885	healthcare	Of course people's lifestyles and the crime rates have an effect on longevity, but I'm amazed that anyone could even suggest that Americans have worse health outcomes because of genetics. There is no evidence that Americans are genetically inferior to other countries. Part of people's life experience is whether they have access to health care. Now some advanced counties have problems with lack of hospital beds and waiting lists for treatment. But the reason for this is that the poor are on the waiting lists and are filling up the hospital beds. In America, large numbers of people can't afford medicine. They don't clog up the medicine for profit machine, they die. universal healthcare means that the poorest and sickest segment of the population can get medical treatment	FAVOR
3886	healthcare	 Nothing is free.  What you really mean is that you think that the government should take more taxes from us to pay for healthcare.  This is a ridiculous idea.  I shouldn't have to pay for other people's health expenses, especially when I get sick very rarely.  You are advocating socialism.  There is no such thing as a free lunch.  All this will cause is a slow up in medical care.  When we don't have socialized healthcare, doctors know that they will get paid more by being a better doctor, because there services will be more highly demanded.  In socialized medicine, all doctors know that they will be getting paid so much no matter how well a job they do, as long as they do a good enough job not to get fired.  People will die if from minor health problems if we socialize medicine.	AGAINST
3887	healthcare	"""Where is this free market you are talking about?""I sure would like to know. I think much of it is currently being held hostage by licensing laws:        /    "	AGAINST
3888	healthcare	How about an example of this so-called 'social solidarity'? Are you so sure it exists?	AGAINST
3889	healthcare	"Rights confer only a negative requirement on others.  They can in no way force them to act a certain way.  My right to life in no way infringes or conflicts with any other ""real"" right held by any other person.  Under no possible moral social system did any other have the right to murder me, so I cannot be forcing them by requiring that they not murder me.  I am imposing nothing on a crook by ""forcing"" them not to steal my property.  Just like the military and those in the justice system are not ""forced"" to act on my behalf.  Using their own free will and their own right to their own life they decided to work in that line.  If they had all decided otherwise I would have no ""right"" to compel them otherwise, I would simply have the decision to defend myself or not.  Fortunately for me, I was born into a society that was founded on individual rights populated by many who are not willing to live under any other system so they chose to defend their rights, physically if necessary.  I suggest you review the fundamental right to life, and the derivative rights liberty, property and the pursuit of happiness.  And ensure yourself that my having these rights in no way imposes any action or duty or requirements on anyone else, the only thing ""imposed"" on them is that they not violate my rights.  That is use physical force against me, they not steal my property, imprison or kill me.Much more on this line can be understood reading Ayn Rand's article ""Man's Rights,"" available for free here:    "	AGAINST
3890	healthcare	" So many are uninsured in America due to government regulations"	AGAINST
3891	healthcare	" Single-payer systems involve government paying for private services Most single-payer systems in Europe, as well as ones proposed in the United States (building on Medicare), involve the government paying for the insurance of individuals. This means that individuals would still go to private hospitals and doctors. The only difference is that the government-funded insurance pays for services instead of the money coming from your own insurance company."	FAVOR
3892	healthcare	" ""It's worth what you pay for it"" - hick proverb.  Somehow people get the idea that we can have quality health care without paying doctors or that it's cheaper to pay for it with taxes than to pay for specific visits.  If we were to tax everybody and give health care to people who were not paying taxes (poor people) we would be robbing healthy people and throwing their money away on people who don't benefit society."	AGAINST
3893	healthcare	"I hadn't seen this data...very interesting. It just buttresses my point. To say ""Single-Payer Systems Do Not Cost Less Than the U.S. Health Care System"" is clearly not true! They clearly do cost far less than the US system, as the numbers you so clearly provided prove!The US system is dysfunctional in many ways. One reason that public-funding of healthcare in the US is so high is that the US has to treat people who are very sick, who didn't get the healthcare they needed in the first place...they arrive at a publicly funded institution once they are really in trouble. Private hospitals dump very sick people without insurance on the public system. Also, the entire healthcare market has become distorted, corrupted, in the US, with medical procedures and services costing far more in the US than in other countries. This affects both private and public healthcare. I certainly wouldn't say that ""more government funding will fix the problem."" The system needs fixing, not more funding. One thing that has to be done is to remove the insurance companies from the equation, which will lead to immense savings. "	FAVOR
3894	healthcare	"First you start with a dishonest heading: ""Single-Payer Systems Do Not Cost Less Than the U.S. Health Care System"" Then you admit within the first couple of sentences that the title is nonsense. But in any case, your argument only makes sense -- national-healthcare systems spend less because they choose to spend less -- if the results were worse...if the choice led to worse healthcare. But this clearly isn't the case. The US spends more -- vastly more -- on healthcare per capita than the Western national systems, and yet...* Tens of millions of people are not directly covered by the system * Most of these people do not receive good healthcare, because they simply can't afford it themselves* Citizens under the national-healthcare systems live longer* Babies born in the national-healthcare systems are more likely to survive* Citizens under the national-healthcare systems are healthier than Americans* There's no evidence that the enormous extra cost of the American system provides any real benefits over the service received by citizens of countries with national-healthcare systems!"	FAVOR
3895	healthcare	" If people are uninsured, that's their choice ""Against Universal Coverage"". National Review Online. June 21, 2007 - ""Some people, especially young and healthy people, may choose not to buy health insurance even when it is cheaper[...]So what should the government do about the holdouts? Leave them alone. ItÃ•s a free country."""	AGAINST
3896	healthcare	What about John Mackey?	FAVOR
3897	healthcare	Universal health care has a lot of issues. I live in Canada and I know these issues. Pill pushing doctors that don't work hard, a lot of administrative work that push up costs on governments, long lines and extremely long wait times for surgeries and specialty medical attention. I read the first post, that people should be equally entitled for good affordable health care. The fact is that a free market, capitalist, profit driven health care system ends up costing less per person and offers a higher quality of service. Canada pays $5000 a person per year for health care with an estimate that it will cost $7000 in 20 years. There are 30 million people in Canada and this is the reason why Canada is not as prosperous as other capitalist countries. High taxes create less jobs and innovations. In Canada we pay more taxes than California but we have the same GDP/GSP and same population. Canada actually pays 40% more taxes.	AGAINST
3898	healthcare	"Who says altarion wont have insurance!? Who says I wont have insurance? Who says anyone can't have insurance!?!?!? This is America. ""oh its hard to make a living in America"" That is a very discouraging(and old) argument. We need to do more to make sure everyone has the opportunity to make allot of money before we move to universal health care as our very very last resort."	AGAINST
3899	healthcare	You're using the wrong House, healthcare bill as your source.	AGAINST
3900	healthcare	The right to life should come with the government dealing with the funding of a state-supported health care system.There is nothing saying that anyone has to be 'enslaved'. Police officers are a requirement, Ambulance drivers are a necessity, Fire Departments are an essential service all funded by public money. They do it because the pay is good and because they like to help people for the most part.I mean Doctors take oaths and such like 'Do no harm' and as a profession they have ethics that dont permit them to walk by a person bleeding on the street with stab wounds without trying to save their life. Just like a police officer isnt supposed to sit by and watch some convenience store get robbed.	FAVOR
3901	healthcare	"""What   single payer   means is, you pick your doctor. You pick your hospital. Government picks up the bill.""government = everyoneIf we could ""buy into"" the   public option  , I'd be all for it.  But we can't.  We all pay no matter what.  I just checked my old paycheck stubs... I paid 245 for medicare in 2008. I have no   health insurance  , I am struggling to pay rent, and I can't afford   textbooks  .  I live off of ramen and pasta because they're the cheapest I can get.  How is this fair?  I'm paying for some old person to live a little bit longer when I could be buying textbooks and saving for a car.  Even worse is   social security   which I paid 1043 in 2008 and which I expect to see none of when I retire because the country is bankrupt.  Total in   taxes  , I paid 3382 in 2008.  I am a model citizen in graduate school, planning on being a   college   professor, never broken   the law  , working as a full time TA to get through it, and I am in serious debt right now because I can't afford living expenses.  This is all easy for you to say up there in Canada but you don't know what it's like for college   kids   and grads right now who can't get   jobs   and whose parents are losing jobs.  Taxing everyone more is not going to help.  I'd rather have the cash to spend where I choose than to have public   health care  .  Again, If we could ""buy into"" the public option, I'd be all for it."	AGAINST
3902	healthcare	As a christain i feel i have to help my fellow persons. Also America has the worst healthcare system in the world out of all the countrys that are good (Europe, north america, asia) Mexico has a better health care system! We need to chatch up with the world and help people who wern't born in to nice, middle class or rich familys like we were.	FAVOR
3903	healthcare	Individual health care is better for all involved:First why individual is better:--Free market system allows for innovation on the part of the healthcare industries, creating new and better, and more than likely cheaper, medicines and procedures. A socialized system will put a cease to competition, and will thus end almost all source of motivation for innovation.--Allows for more areas of the economy for the government to have tax income from.Now, why socialized is worse:--Very high tax hikes, the government needs to pay for the health care of an entire nation, which will inevitably come from tax payers pockets. Now, we have to assume that people, on average, will use more health care services when its all free, than when the price has to come from their own pockets. Since all of this will be paid for in taxes, which will be spread out evenly throughout the social classes, thus each person will, on average, be paying just as much, if not more, for health care. Since everyone will be using different amounts of this health care, some people will be paying for more than they are using, and others using more than what they are paying for. This goes against every tenet of a free market system.--Will inevitably reduce the quality of the doctors, procedures, and medicines. Since all governments want to have the lowest budget possible. Any government will look to the cheapest options, which will most likely be the lowest in quality. --Further more, the amount of bureaucracy necessary to regulate and record these new industries will be incredible, adding to the tax increase, but also creating a waiting period for people who need all sorts of medicines and procedures.As you can see a free market, individual, health care is the better system for all involved.	AGAINST
3904	healthcare	"Why would republicans like this?There are two reasons I think that Republicans could be sold on this idea.Reason one is, if people are covered without being tied to an employer, they'll feel less tied to a particular company. No fear of quitting for fear of losing the   health   coverage. This means more people can quit, start their own businesses, and be entrepreneurial. Go Capitalism!The second reason is that as long as corporations are paying for   health care  , they're at a competitive disadvantage with foreign corps who don't. Let's level the playing field.Insurance is a middleman. It drains resources, skims profits, and slows things down. market-based insurance is what got us here in the first place.I like bipartisanship. But when all bipartisanship does is take the teeth out of a program,   water   it down so that it's doomed for failure, then there's really no need for it.Here's a quote from FDR.""We had to struggle with the old enemies of peace--business and financial monopoly, speculation, reckless banking, class antagonism, sectionalism, war profiteering.They had begun to consider the Government of the United States as a mere appendage to their own affairs. We know now that Government by organized   money   is just as dangerous as Government by organized mob.Never before in all our history have these forces been so united against one candidate as they stand today. They are unanimous in their hate for me--and I welcome their hatred.""On this site, and in a bunch of forums, I get the hatred. Well, I'm welcoming it. Bring it on. 120 House democrats pledged to oppose any insurance reform plan that doesn't include a   public option  . I want to try and put some wind in their sales.In conclusion, whether you agree with me or disagree with me---feel free to recommend this because I think it's probably the longest comment on this site and took a lot of research."	FAVOR
3905	healthcare	"Cooperatives avoid being government-run, like public insurance. ""Cooperatives Being Pushed as an Alternative to a Government Plan"". Washington Post. August 18, 2009: ""As prospects fade for a public, or government-run, option as part of health-care reform, key senators are considering another model to create competition for private insurers: member-owned, nonprofit health cooperatives. [...] Sen. Kent Conrad (D-N.D.), the chief advocate for including cooperatives in reform legislation, has cited examples as disparate as the Land O'Lakes dairy concern, rural electricity cooperatives and Ace Hardware. [...] But so far, cooperatives have been defined in the health-care debate primarily in terms of what they are not: They would not be run by the government. [...] That may make the cooperatives more politically palatable to conservatives, as well as to some Democrats such as Conrad, who fear that the public option may be a bridge too far."""	AGAINST
3906	healthcare	" Private insurers limit choice of doctors as much as public insurance Signe Wilkinson. ""Unhealthy arguments against public option"" Philadelphia Daily News. July 14, 2009: ""Opponents of a public option say it will deny Americans the right to choose their own doctors. It's true that some doctors and dentists will choose not to participate in a government-run plan. But many private insurance plans already restrict your choice of doctors by refusing to pay for treatment provided 'out of network.'"""	FAVOR
3907	healthcare	" Public insurance leads to socialized medicine, rationing, long-lines Dr. Donald J. Palmisano, a leading surgeon and former president of the AMA who heads the physicians group Coalition to Protect Patients' Rights: ""The government takeover of the practice of medicine [starting with a public insurance program] will destroy the private health insurance companies, and will result in rationing, long lines, and loss of access to physicians in the patient hour of need.""[5]"	AGAINST
3908	healthcare	Thank you! See you get it for what it is. Why can't anyone else see this!	FAVOR
3909	healthcare	"I believe that the efforts to make Health Care accessible, affordable and flexible will endanger our ability to deliver innovative, quality care to a vast majority of Americans that are currently covered and content with the quality of the care they receive.   Catastrophic care and access to care are certainly issues that should be discussed and acted upon, but not at the cost of the covered.  Why penalize Americans with a bureaucratic monolithic Health Care service?   Many lessons learned can be obtained if we take a deeper look at the   evolution   of the NHS in the UK.  Here are a variety of issues that have impacted socialized / universal care in Denmark, Netherlands, Belgium, Switzerland, Germany, France & the UK.? Universal Health Care will mean an increase in   taxes  ? Will cap the salaries of clinical professionals? Will decrease the amount of specialist (access & credentialed)? Will limit innovation in   health   information   technology  ? Will limit innovation in medical devices? Will lower personalized services (one size fits all)? Will lower expectations for services, delivery & quality of care? Will increase wait time for procedures? Will increase wait time for surgeries? Will deny services (surgeries / treatments) for senior citizens? Will increase supplemental insurance premiums for privatized care? Will require additional travel to acquire medical services, especially specialty services? Will attenuate innovative procedures & roll out of new technologies? Will harm ability to deliver emergency care (ambulance limitations)? Will harm patient and consumer choice in services, physicians and treatment plans? Will increase layers of bureaucracy? Will lower requirements & require incentives for capped medical professionals? Will increase malpractice suits? Will harm patient safety? Will continue to provide medical services to un-authorized illegalÃ•s? Will increase foreign borne physicians ? Will lower clinical services, benefits & rights offered to over 80% of current insured Americans? Will lower the standards of care? Will require new Government protocols, regulation and mandates set up by bureaucrats, lacking medical credentials? Will lower patient options? Will close medical facilities and specialty services and clinics across the country (consolidation off services, for cost control)? Will limit   medication   competition? Will eliminate competition? Will harm Health Care supporting & contributing industries? Will decrease number of ""nationals"" physicians (medical school recruitment challenges)This is data that I have accrued over the past 24 years in Health Care information technology.  I have been providing national and international market research for more than 24 countries around the world (primarily OECD countries); representing Health Care IT and medical device firms wanting to break in to new vertical regions.  These challenges are sourced by Health Care professionals, administrators and managing directors; not local or regional news stories, but from the perspective of the current   environment  , business climate, opportunities for private versus public Health Care environments.Interesting factoids:1.	The fastest growing market segment in Health Care in the UK is privatisation2.	The number of national bourne clinicians has dropped by over 68% since the birth of the NHS3.	Cost for preventative maintenance in   healthcare   does NOT lower the cost of end of life care, therefore the findings are that prevention  is a cost as chronic diseases are merely managed not eradicated (diabetes,   cancer  , morbid   obesity  , COPD, heart diseaseÃ‰)Without a doubt the top reasons that aspects of Health Care will require nationalization or supplements form the tax payer(s) is:1.	Chronic Disease 2.	Catastrophic Care3.	End of Life Care4.	Pediatric Care5.	End of Life CareThe latest innovations in Health Care will be in the following arenas for cost control and management1.	The invention of hybrid care; balancing private and public allowing choice and consumerism as well as leveraging competition to push for innovation and new technologies to improve quality of life2.	Health Care IT will need to improve to allow interoperability and clinical data consolidation to allow data aggregation and mining to help manage Chronic Disease Management, Personal Health Records & Enable Community Health / Lifestyle Health Management3.	Home Health / Tele-Monitoring (Cost Control)4.	Personalized Medicine (Genomic Medicine / Molecular Prevention)5.	Quality to Quantitative   medicine   evolution"	AGAINST
3910	healthcare	The Case Against Universal Health CareWhy UHC is WrongUniversal Health Care is unconstitutional. As with many of the social programs that we allow to continue in violation of the Constitution; the Legislative, Executive and Judicial branches of the government have no authority to redistribute wealth regardless of the purpose. Most people believe that the Constitution does in fact give the government the right to impose social programs. They derive this belief from two separate, but similar clauses. The first comes from the Preamble which says; Ã’We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America.Ã“ It is the phrase Ã’promote the general welfareÃ“ that people often quote as the power to create social programs. In actuality, the Preamble does not give any branch the authority to do anything. The reality is, the Preamble is a guideline for the three branches. You could translate the Preamble to like this:More perfect Union = Better than EnglandEstablish Justice = Establish JusticeInsure domestic Tranquility = Peaceful Provide for the common defence = one army to defend (i.e. not controlling)Promote the general Welfare = all laws/regulations should not harm the countrySecure the Blessing of Liberty = Freedom for AllIf the government followed those guidelines for every law/regulation they form, they will be on their way to being Constitutional. However, the federal government must use Article 1, Section 8 to derive their powers. In fact, Article 1, Section 8 is where we find the second common misconception. This is where each power is enumerated to the Congress. The first clause states: Ã’The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States;Ã“. We see here that a large part of the Preamble is restated but with a few notable differences. The most notable and important difference is to whom the congress can apply these powers. Pay close attention to the phrase Ã’of the United States.Ã“ Throughout the Constitution the founders use very specific terms to mean very specific things. When they wanted rights or rules applied to citizens they used the term citizens. When they wanted rights or rules to apply to anyone they used Ã’the people.Ã“ When they wanted rights or rules to apply to States, they used the term States. When they used the term Ã’the United StatesÃ“ they were talking about the federal government. If you replace the term Ã’of the United StatesÃ“ with its literal meaning you get a more clear understanding of its true meaning: Ã’The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the Federal GovernmentÃ‰Ã“Just so there is no confusion, you will find in the 10th Amendment that these powers are limited to Article 1, Section 8 by stating: Ã’The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.Ã“ In other words: Ã”if it ainÃ•t in the Constitution, you canÃ•t do it.Ã•Why it doesnÃ•t workEverywhere Universal Health Care has been tried, it has failed. UHC always becomes expensive, restrictive and lacks innovation. WeÃ•ve been told that UHC is cheap. Well, that isnÃ•t the case. UHC is as expensive as the government lets it be. We only have to look here in our own country to see evidence of that. Medicare sets limits to what a doctor can charge for a visit or procedure. Every doctor charges the limit set by Medicare. They have to. If they donÃ•t, Medicare will assume that they have set the bar to high and lower it. Apply this to the entire health care system. If we expand that policy to cover every doctor and every procedure we will have several negative results. The first is the loss of talented doctors. People that become doctors donÃ•t just do it for the gratification of saving lives. The fact is, they lose every patient sooner or later. Doctors do what they do for the money, especially the good ones. If you take away their ability to demand a fair market price you take away the incentive to be a doctor and we lose good doctors. Another problem we will encounter is a short coming in available services. We can see this in other countries. Many countries with socialized medicine require patients to wait months or years to see a doctor. In some parts of Canada, the wait to see a doctor for a routine exam is two years. This problem is compounded by the lack of monetary incentive to be a doctor. Finally, because the government sets the prices, inventors and manufacturers of medical equipment will just fade away. Price controls never work. Further, innovative people will always find a free market where they can excel. Why we donÃ•t need itMost people have this idea that if they donÃ•t have health insurance that pays for everything that is even remotely health related that they will go bankrupt and die. That is not the case. Most people just need a type of insurance that is usually referred to as Catastrophic or Major Medical Insurance. Major Medical covers some very basic health issues. A good generalized definition is Ã’everything that is life threatening or life altering.Ã“ In practical terms, that means if you have an expensive problem, you are covered. So you can go to the ER or hospital and pay only the deductible (or deductible plus a percentage depending on the plan). Major Medical plans can also be purchased with a prescription drug rider that will cover most prescriptions you will need. The health insurance we have all been told we have to have is called Comprehensive (or Premium) Insurance. Comprehensive Insurance covers everything Major Medical covers but also ads routine visits to the doctor. In fact, we all purchase Major Medical Insurance with the Comprehensive Clause added to it. This means that the coverage for ER and hospital stays is identical. The only difference being what you pay for a doctor. I got quotes from eHealthInsurance.com. I put in a family of four with both parents 30 years old non-smokers and 10 and 5 year old children. One quote was from Humana (Major Medical) and the other from Cigna (comprehensive). The Humana quote was for $196.04 per month, coming out to $2,352.48 per year. The other was from Cigna (comprehensive) and was very affordably priced at $292.00 per month or $3,504 per year. For a typical year, the family of four would probably have six visits to the doctor. Most doctors charge around $150 for a visit. If the family is on the Humana plan, they will pay $900 out of pocket because they pay for the whole thing. If they are on the Cigna plan, they will pay a $30 deductible per visit plus 20% which comes to $324. When you figure in the added premium, they donÃ•t save money. There is one big difference though, if someone goes to the hospital and uses more than $10,000 the Humana plan becomes much better. After $10,000 the Humana plan covers 100% of the cost, where as the Cigna plan covers 80%. This gives the person on the plan that weÃ•ve all been told is not good enough a huge cost savings. What needs to be doneIÃ•m not one to dismiss an idea if I donÃ•t have a better idea of my own. My plan incorporates promoting Major Medical Insurance in conjunction with Health Savings Accounts. Health Savings Accounts are just as they sound, savings accounts specifically for health care. The government allows us (gee, isnÃ•t that nice of them) to put money into a savings account, before income tax is removed, and use it for health care. The catch is, at the end of the year anything that is left in the account becomes property of the government. My solution is to allow HSAs to roll over from year to year untaxed (unless used for purposes other than health care) and after an individual reaches retirement age the account can be used for any purpose. This will have numerous advantages from free market pressure on visits to the doctor to increased savings rates for the average citizen. We all know how the free market works and despite what some say, it works very well. When people have control over their money, they use it wisely. It is a precious commodity and they wonÃ•t hand over more of it than they have to. Even today, some health care centers are bowing to the pressure of the free market. Urgent care centers (doc in the box as my wife likes to call them) allow uninsured people to visit the doctor for as little as $75. As a patron of our local doc in the box, I can say that the care in these centers is fantastic. Part of the reason the down turn in 2008 and 2009 has been so severe is the negative savings rate that plagues the nation. With an incentive to save money before it is taxed, people will be more inclined to put their money aside for rainy days than use it to make monthly payments on maxed out credit cards that bought a house full of useless crap. In addition, IÃ•d allow them to put their excess HSA savings in bonds and cds so that they earn a small amount of interest with virtually no chance of loss. If the average family put $100 a month into savings from the time they are 20 to the time they retire, assuming they donÃ•t have more than 2 major medical bills in 40 years, they will have saved close to $1 million (after interest). I know that we do not need Universal Health Care. It is too burdensome on the tax payer, it provides for poor care and it is solving a problem that just doesnÃ•t exist.	AGAINST
3911	healthcare	"Only the government can provide a coherent universal health care system. Such a system is important from the standpoint of providing quality care, in that only a standardized system and unified database can enable doctors to treat any patient that comes in front of them. Privatized systems often see doctors unable to access the history and files of patients that come before them. The main reasons include the cost and complexity of unifying and standardizing a system as well as the lack of a private-industry interest in seeing such a system emerge. "	FAVOR
3912	healthcare	"Socialistbetty's reply to my commentary exposes the fundamental philosophical choice America faces...collectivism or individualism. Due to the importance of this conflict to America's future, and with space being limited here, I have written a detailed response and posted it to my blog at:    But let me make these points.Socialistbetty distorts the meaning of that glorious phrase; all men are created equal. The equality of all men (and women) refers to the unalienable rights of each individual to his life, liberty, property, and pursuit of his own welfare and happiness. Those rights are possessed equally, at all times, by all people, under all circumstances, protected equally by government; they can be forfeited only by violating the same rights of another. These rights are not a guarantee of the material success of any individual, only the right to take the actions that one deems necessary to achieve material success through one's own productive efforts and in voluntary association and trade with others. The equality of all men under the law is the essence of capitalism.Since all rights are unalienable, the violation of the rights of one single person necessarily negates the same rights of everyone else, including each and every individual member of any group such as the ""collective"", the ""herd"", the ""masses"" and ""society"". And if no one possesses rights, then the state is all-powerful. This is the totalitarian premise, the ultimate logical consequence of which is Soviet Russia and Nazi Germany.  If this is the ideal Socialistbetty is going to embrace, then she should have the courage to openly admit it, rather than claim the lie that ""the masses"" can benefit under a slave state. At least, though, I give her credit for acknowledging that ""universal healthcare"" is slavery. No other advocate of socialized medicine that I know of has ever admitted the obvious fact that they are calling for ""the enslavement of a small group""...the doctors (among others).The view of man the individual (my view) as the standard of value with regard to social organization is an historically recent discovery that is consistent with the metaphysical facts of nature and, thus, leads logically to capitalistic freedom. The collectivist premise (her view) is a primitive, mystical doctrine that dismisses actual, individual human beings as valueless, sacrificial fodder for the ""needs"" of some ""higher power"". Modern collectivism merely replaces a supernatural God as that power with some group called the ""proletariat"", ""society"", ""the masses"", the ""master race"", etc., to which the individual is subordinate, and which leads logically to totalitarianism. Reason and observation will show you why it's a good idea to have a healthy society of free individuals, not a collectivized slave state. "	AGAINST
3913	healthcare	 Health care is not a right.  It is already largely controlled by government influences, and has been for a couple of decades.  Many of the problems are the result of government intrusion into healthcare.  More government intrusion will lead to further problems; there is no reason it would be better.  Besides, the majority of folks don't want the major changes Obama and Congress are promoting.  Is this a Democracy or what?	AGAINST
3914	healthcare	"Health care is considered a right in international law. The UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights enumerates medical care as a universal right."	FAVOR
3915	healthcare	I've been to Austria (Socialist country) they have universal health care. In order for doctors to make money, they have to find something wrong with you first. And they are only allowed to make mediocre recommendation to cure you (nothing too expensive). And the waiting line is enormous.	AGAINST
3916	healthcare	 We are one of the only big countries who don't allow healthcare for all the people .  Like everything else here its all about the money	FAVOR
3917	healthcare	"""I don't have to actually read the primary sources myself because the fact is that I don't want to be tax at a higher rate, period.""Did you not read the part about all insurance premiums going down?""Anything less than that is highway robbery.""Talking about highways, how are you enjoying that socialised and paid-through-taxes luxury? Talking about robbery, how are you enjoying the socialised and paid-through-taxes police that keep you safe? :-)"	FAVOR
3918	healthcare	Of course people's lifestyles and the crime rates have an effect on longevity, but I'm amazed that anyone could even suggest that Americans have worse health outcomes because of genetics. There is no evidence that Americans are genetically inferior to other countries. Part of people's life experience is whether they have access to health care. Now some advanced counties have problems with lack of hospital beds and waiting lists for treatment. But the reason for this is that the poor are on the waiting lists and are filling up the hospital beds. In America, large numbers of people can't afford medicine. They don't clog up the medicine for profit machine, they die. universal healthcare means that the poorest and sickest segment of the population can get medical treatment	FAVOR
3919	healthcare	"According to this source      the United States spends 13.9% of its GDP on health care whereas Canada spends 9.6%, Australia spends 9.1% and the United Kingdom spends just 7.5% of its GDP. I said, ""the universal health schemes of Canada, Great Britain and Australia cost less and the people in these countries have a higher average life expectancy than the USA."" According to this source      the life expectancy in these four countries is Australia 80.62 years, Canada, 80.34 years, United Kingdom 78.7 years and the United States, 78.06 years. With its present arrangements, the United States spends a greater proportion of its GDP on health care and has a lower life expectancy than other English-speaking countries. US citizens on average live 2.56 years or 935 days less than Australians, 2.28 years or 832 days less than Canadians and 0.64 years or 233 days less than the British. If living 7 to 30 months longer is a small difference, then I'd like that difference to be in my favour. If living 7 to 30 months longer is a warning for what's to come, well, we might just live long enough to see it!"	FAVOR
3920	healthcare	"Obamacare to Come: Seven Bad Ideas for Health Care Reform"	AGAINST
3921	healthcare	No system is fail safe. The system you suggest will not really help them at all. It should be enough if they don't have to pay it back with interest. That is just outrageous, they got laid off or are starving so they should be thankful they are drowning in debt just because its not with interest? A government is not truly doing its job if it is not taking care of its people.	FAVOR
3922	healthcare	I was not trying to imply America had inferior genetics... the United States is too diverse to even begin looking in that direction.  What is important is that there are many other factors that have a much more significant impact on an individual's life span.  Life span and birth rates are just statistical gimmicks that are influenced by too many factors to be useful in this context.Universal health care does not mean the poorest and sickest will get medical treatment, at best it means that if they manage find a doctor and survive while waiting then someone else will pay for it.... Unless, they are fat, old, smoke, or are part of some other segment that is considered expendable to the government's balance sheets.  People seem to forget that non-profits and the government still have a bottom line to look out for.	AGAINST
3923	healthcare	"JohnInOhio wrote: ""It is foolish to think that all aspects of society are best served by the open market. We have surrendered our prisons and health care systems to for profit organizations. We are currently working harder than most people realize to privatize our law enforcement and military.""Apples and oranges. Law enforcement, military, and prisons are constitutional, health care is not. For decades free market health care delivery worked just fine. When I was a lad of 7 (42 years ago), my mother and father took me to a local doctor, where they paid $5 for the visit, and at the time of the visit. There was no billing, either to my parents or to a third party. He had a nurse who worked for him, who also doubled as a receptionist.Today's doctor's office is filled with extra billing people, filing people, etc., just to fulfill the insurance requirements for billing for services. 42 years ago, $5 equates to about $20-30, which is about the cost of co-pay. Yet, insurance companies pay hundreds more for that office visit. Therein lies the problem.It's quite simple, really. Government has mandated too damn much. It has run up the cost of the health insurance. What do I need maternity coverage for? My wife is 50 years old, and I am 49. We aren't going to have a baby any time soon. I also don't have any mental health issues, or substance abuse issues. Neither does my wife. Why do we need Mental Health parity?The free market would allow consumers (that's us, John) to select the coverage they desire or need, if any. We could bargain with companies to get the best coverage for the best price. Consumer Reports could tell us which insurance companies would do that. Then we, the consumer, could decide which company to buy from, and what coverage we need (cafeteria style ring a bell?), if any. That's the beauty of the free market, it gives us freedom to choose what's best for ourselves and our family. Government cannot do that. They do not have the omnipresence, or omniscience to do so. Mr. Obama has never met me, and has no idea what my family needs. Neither do you John. So, I thank you to mind your own business, keep your hand out of my loved one's pockets, and pay for your own damn insurance.He continued:""Just stop thinking about money for a minute and think about what we are doing! Deregulation and opening up every problem to be solved by people seeking profit is not the answer to our most important problems. I would rather take my cancer or other life threatening health issue to a SHAMAN than to someone whose primary interest is personal profit or the survival of a corporation.We can control a Democratic Republic somewhat through the democratic process. We cannot control a corporation without regulation and then we cannot force it to provide for our needs. And we once had a right to health care via the Public Health Service however bad it was. Now we are told that it is a privilege of those with money."" I'm sorry John, but I digitally signed the agreement to be nice on this site. Otherwise I would answer this balderdash with words not appropriate for polite company. Since I am a man of my word, I'll leave your comments to speak for themselves. Anyone who has ever stood in line at the mercy of a bureaucrat, and compared the service to that provided at the local retail store knows where the better service, with superior product lies. I'll give you a hint: it ain't the bureaucrat that gives me the service...'nuff said."	AGAINST
3924	healthcare	"I agree that that would be a fair argument, had the poll not asked about the salaries and social status of those questioned, which it did. One thing I did notice was a slightly larger number of people who voted for Obama, but also noticed (as a counter-balance) a larger number of people describing themselves as having conservative views. ""Polls have very little importance to me, when any.""I know I may have used it as a source, and I admit it was mainly show-boating on my part, but I agree with that completely. When you understand how easy it is to pose a question to be answered in the way you want it to be answered, polls (and referendums, for that matter) lose any real significance. On reflection, I retract the poll and the argument made with it."	FAVOR
3925	healthcare	 People who pay taxes should.	FAVOR
3926	healthcare	" Free, universal health care would devastate the insurance industry ""Should the Government Provide Free Universal Health Care for All Americans?"" Balanced Politics.org - ""A long, painful transition will have to take place involving lost insurance industry jobs, business closures, and new patient record creation.  A universal health plan means the entire health insurance industry would be unnecessary. All companies in that area would have to go out of business, meaning all people employed in the industry would be out of work. A number of hospital record clerks that dealt with insurance would also be out of work. A number of these unemployed would be able to get jobs in the new government bureaucracy, but it would still be a long, painful transition. We'd also have to once again go through a whole new round of patient record creation and database construction, which would cost huge amounts of both time and money."""	AGAINST
3927	healthcare	" Public and private insurers can learn from each other Jacob Hacker. ""The case for public plan"". The Institute for America's Future: ""public and private plans can learn from each other as they exploit their strengths and remedy their weaknesses. Expanded coverage of prescription drugs by Medicare HMOs, for example, demonstrated the feasibility of drug coverage for the elderly and helped to increase political pressure for drug coverage for all people with Medicare. The development of performance measures for Medicare private plans provided a template for projects testing comparable measures under the public Medicare plan. Similarly, innovations in coordinating care for elders with chronic illness in private plans have provided a useful foundation for care-coordination demonstrations in the public Medicare plan."""	FAVOR
3928	healthcare	"Let's see if I fully understand the arguments against universal healthcare.1) Healthcare is not a ""right"".  Seems like the whole ""Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness"" would cover that.  If we've got a right to life then we have to have a right to care for that life and keep it going.   It's also hard to Pursue Happiness if you're sick due to a lack of medical treatment.2) Other countries aren't doing it well so we shouldn't do it at all.If we use this as a criteria we should disband the military too.  Many other countries have a bad military.  Clearly that means we shouldn't have one.  Lots of countries have bad water treatment too so let's stop doing that.  Are you really telling me that you don't think that we can learn from other countries mistakes and improve on their system.  Are you trying to tell me you don't think we can do something better than the Canadians and the French?  3) It's ""Socialized Medicine"".We've got socialized medicine now.  Anyone who's sick can go to the emergency room and the hospital has to treat them whether they can pay or not.  In the end we all pay for it either through government payments to the hospital, insurance or higher medical costs.  If everyone had healthcare they could get it treated early when it's more cost effective.  Why are we only paying for the poor's healthcare when it's the most expensive?  "	FAVOR
3929	healthcare	"Your right to life imposes nothing on your would-be murderer, but it imposes something on a third party: the taxpayer, who must fund the police that will arrest your would-be murderer and thus protect your right to life.Likewise, if you don't want a crook to steal your property, you must either (a) defend your property by yourself, using your own money and abilities, or (b) force taxpayers to give money to support a police force and court system that will defend your property.If (b), then your rights place a positive obligation on other people. If (a), then your rights only exist as long as you can defend yourself from violent attackers - so might makes right. There is no other choice. Either might makes right, or you must force other people to pay money for the protection of your rights.Of course the military and those in the justice system are not ""forced"" to act on your behalf - just like doctors would not be ""forced"" to act on your behalf in a universal health care system. I was merely using an analogy to point out that your original argument was absurd. The status of doctors in a universal health care system is exactly the same as the status of judges in the current justice system.As for Ayn Rand, she was a second-rate, incompetent philosopher who ignored any argument she didn't like. I suggest you read David Hume, who explains why you cannot derive an ""ought"" from an ""is,"" (which is what Rand tries to do), as well as Jeremy Bentham, Jean-Jacques Rousseau, John Stuart Mill, Immanuel Kant and John Rawls. They all have different conceptions of rights and provide different arguments to support those views. The point is that the issue of ""rights,"" and the question of which rights are legitimate, is an extremely long philosophical discussion that has occupied hundreds of books. It is unbelievably arrogant to claim that you have the final word on the matter."	FAVOR
3930	healthcare	Comparing doctors to Dr. Nick on the Simpsons is an insult to the profession.  Even if a doctor did act like Dr. Nick they would quickly end up in court and eventually jail for malpractice.On the other hand if you put the government in charge of medicine you might see the medical equivalent to Patty and Selma.    	AGAINST
3931	healthcare	" Single-payer systems create rigid prices unresponsive to shortages/gluts Michael F. Cannon. ""Socialized Medicine is Already Here"". CATO Institute. September 6, 2007 - ""Consider two distinguishing features of socialist economies. The first is that the government decides what individuals may produce, what they consume, and the terms of exchange."	AGAINST
3932	healthcare	I don't have to actually read the primary sources myself because the fact is that I don't want to be tax at a higher rate, period.Here's how it should work. Those who want Nationalized Health Care should pay for it themselves. Anything less than that is highway robbery. ;)	AGAINST
3933	healthcare	"The costs of transition to a universal health care program would be large: It would involve lost insurance industry jobs, business closures, and new patient record creation, among other things. Creating a new administrative framework and patient database would be a massive under-taking."	AGAINST
3934	healthcare	So the trade Unions have no say in government. NO say?	AGAINST
3935	healthcare	"I think when it comes to   health care  , pragmatism is more important than ideology. What works, we go with. Whatever gives us the best health care to everyone for our buck, that's our choice.A single-payer system is what almost all of the rest of the industrialized world has. I'll explain this concept below, because I think there might be confusion about it.What single payer means is, you pick your doctor. You pick your hospital. Government picks up the bill.We actually already have this in the US. It's called Medicare. Medicaid is SIMILAR, but because I'm a stickler for terminology I have to refer to it as ""dual payer"", in that both the federal and the state government pays for it.I think having a system like this that covers everyone would be...just fantastic. However, it doesn't seem too likely.    So what's being talked about right now isn't that as much as it is a heavily regulated new system of private insurance companies. It's just more regulation being discussed, in an attempt to make insurance from private companies provide affordable insurance to everyone.What progressives would like--what I'd like--is to   add   a '  public option  ' to the insurance exchange system, allowing people to buy into a medicare-type system administered by the government.Why is this a good idea? A public plan would have lower administrative expenses, they wouldn't have profits as their bottom line, and they'd be in a stronger bargaining position to obtain discounts. This would enable them to charge lower premiums. Win win.For example, a public plan could haggle with drug companies to get drugs at bulk discount prices. Medicare is currently forbidden from doing this. Thanks, Republicans!     Private insurance companies have a lot of--well, I'm going to charitably call them expenses--like CEO salaries, marketing and ad creation, dividends, etc. I'll summarize a report published in the New England Journal of Medicine.""After analyzing the costs of insurers, employers,   doctors  , hospitals,   nursing   homes and home-care agencies in both the U.S. and Canada, they found that administration consumes 31.0 percent of U.S.   health   spending, double the proportion of CanadaÃ‰Streamlined to Canadian levels, enough administrative waste could be saved to provide comprehensive   health insurance   to all Americans.""    How is this a bad thing?It's really not, and I'll tell you why it's really not after these important messages from our sponsors."	FAVOR
3936	healthcare	" Most uninsured simply can't afford it; it's not a choice Kao-Ping Chua, ""Arguments and counterarguments about universal health care"". AMSA - ""It's the uninsured's fault that they're uninsured. 8 out of 10 of the uninsured work or come from working families. They play by the rules, work hard just like the rest of Americans, and yet they can't get insurance from the employer because it's not offered, or they can't afford it if it is offered. Is that their fault?"""	FAVOR
3937	healthcare	" Public insurance leads to socialized medicine, rationing, long-lines ""The End of Private Health Insurance"". Wall Street Journal (editorial). April 13, 2009: ""Once government takes over the majority of U.S. health-care liabilities [with a public option], it can either provide every service at huge and growing cost, or it can ration services. People who need an MRI or hip replacement or whatever will face waiting lines. Medical innovation will be at the mercy of the price controls hashed out in Washington."""	AGAINST
3938	healthcare	If it's about entertainment value, when are you going to start being entertaining?(Haha. See what I did there? I implied that you're not funny.)	FAVOR
3939	healthcare	Where is this free market you are talking about?People are not allowed to buy insurance from companies in other states.  Insurance companies have per-state mandates on what services they must cover.  The tax code ties people's health insurance to their job by not providing the same tax benefits if you buy insurance on your own and also by forcing your employer to pay a large sum of it.  Insurance itself has become a non-market by removing the need for patients to consider the costs of the doctor's services. The government already pays for 50% of all health care related expenses.What aspect of any of that is even remotely similar to a free market?  The fact that profits and money are involved?  That's a shallow argument.  What we need to is to free the health care market by removing government interference that limits choices and encourages higher costs by making them hidden from the consumer.  People also gain profits from food, in fact, if it was not for that profit you can be certain that food would not be so easily available.Also, no one is denying people health care by refusing to provide it.  You aren't denying your brother the services of a doctor if you refuse to pay because you aren't stopping me from paying for him	AGAINST
3940	healthcare	" Progress with public plan is more important than ""competition"" Insuring that over 40 million Americans have health insurance is much more important than the ideological notion of ""fair competition"". This is not to concede that a public plan is unfair, but rather to say that the whole debate over a ""level playing field"" misses the point that this is primarily an issue about insuring millions of uninsured individuals, by whatever means possible. These individuals need health insurance more than the health care industry needs a level playing field to continue its high profits."	FAVOR
3941	healthcare	I liked it there.	AGAINST
3942	healthcare	" A payroll tax could help fund universal health care "	FAVOR
3943	healthcare	"Like you, I wish all Americans to be covered with quality health coverage- I, for one, do not only want ""illness"" coverage, but access for myself and my patients for preventative and wellness care; I believe the more we can prevent illness, the less expensive our health care will be in the long run. I also am deeply concerned that single payer coverage will further restrict patients access to a more integrative health care approach, including freedom of choice, full access to health and wellness coverage.  "	AGAINST
3944	healthcare	"It is a myth that the United States' private system has fewer delays In the United States, delays are often caused by insurance companies trying to save money. "	FAVOR
3945	healthcare	That is because the Republicans have yet to offer a formulated counter plan.	FAVOR
3946	healthcare	"That ""bum"" you refer to represents the 47 million americans who can not afford our exorbitant current   healthcare   rates. Around 22,000 people in the U.S. die a year because they can't afford healthcare. Imagine a ""bum"" who has a family and chooses to feed them instead of visiting the doctor because he can't afford both. Should the   children   of the ""bum"" have to suffer and possibly die because the ""bum"" can't afford healthcare? With a single-payer system or at least a public option this scenario would not exist. The child's medical condition could have been prevented if he had visited the doctor precisely when he started having symptoms.Healthcare should not be something you have to earn, it is a right. Do you have to earn protection from the   police   or the fire department? No, they are guaranteed to be there to protect you. Should you have to earn being cared for when you randomly develop   cancer  ?No Should you have to earn being able to take your children to the doctor?NoYou can compare healthcare to a police force. Cancer can be compared to a person who is attacking you. If a police officer is near you while you are being attacked, he will obviously intervene because it is his duty. If your body is slowly being attacked by cancer (an attacker), the doctor (officer) does not need to intervene if you don't have insurance.So if you agree with the above statement, you would also agree that you should have to pay insurance for police, and if you didn't have insurance, the police wouldn't have to help you if you were being attacked.The Universal Declaration of Human Rights, issued by the UN, states that healthcare is a basic human RIGHT. The United States of America accept this declaration, and if you do not, you are disagreeing with one of the most basic declarations of human rights.P.S. With a public option, the rich population of America could still get their pampered, expensive   health care   while the rest of the population who is not so fortunate could receive a free option."	FAVOR
3947	healthcare	I agree, but I'm also wondering what people think needs to improve? What are some of the flaws that are apparent in the current system and how will Universal Healthcare fix these flaws? If you oppose Universal Healthcare, what about the current system do you think works well? How is the current system better than Universal Healthcare?	FAVOR
3948	healthcare	That was easy. I'm glad you agree Betty. Maybe you should think about changing your username? ;)I do not say that I exist on my own, or that society is evil, those are your words, nor do I claim that I don't benefit from cooperating with others in society, so all your sarcasm against those positions is misdirected. My position is simply that all individuals should be free from coercion, that all social interactions should be voluntary not coerced. (A society that is coercive, e.g. socialist, islamofascist, etc., is evil.) So of course there are enormous benefits to living in a society, but only if it is essentially free. That's why people selfishly flee Cuba and come to the United States. Tellingly, under a fully capitalist system you could have your own micro socialist system, e.g. a collectivized farm (kibbutz) or a socialist healthcare system; but under a fully socialist system a micro free market system would never be tolerated. The reason is that under capitalism the individual is sovereign, and so can be a capitalist or a communist or whatever, the state is only there to protect his freedom. Under socialism there are no individuals, only meaningless cogs whose obligation is to serve the collective as prescribed by the omnipotent state.  	AGAINST
3949	healthcare	"I don't need a math lesson, you need a comprehension lesson. There is a ""point"" (and I admit I'm not sure what that is, and I don't have time to check now) after which when a baby dies it is deemed a mortality, before that point, it is not, it is (for actuarial purposes) not even in the pool. We have the superior medical expertise to get more marginal babies to that point, so they count against us, whereas the less developed countries can't get their babies to that ""point"". Let's suppose for the sake of the discussion, that ""point"" is 24 hours. In other countries who do not have our medical capabilities or expertise, a ""sick"" baby dies in the first 6 hours. That does not count against their mortality table. In the US, that baby might be kept alive for a week or two, only to experience complications and then die. That impacts our mortality."	AGAINST
3950	healthcare	Yes, my posts all turned up backward because I replied in the order I read.Props for all the research you did.  I still wholeheartedly disagree.Here's one article I came across that summarizes my entire point of view.    In the end, perhaps we agree to disagree.  But that is why you are in Canada and I am still in the US where   taxes   are lower and   health care     technology   is better.  I believe I have more opportunities for a better quality of life and I believe someday I will be able to afford the best health care in the world (if the moochers don't hold me back too much).	AGAINST
3951	healthcare	"What is moral about forcing every single citizen into a single-payer system? What is moral about taking someone's hard-earned   money   and giving it to someone who didn't earn it. The points made in this article sound very nice on the surface. But there is no workable plan to accomplish them. It is one thing to say ""everybody has a right to   health care  "", it is another thing to be able to accomplish it. The health care system in this country can be fixed very easily. How about lowering   taxes   on medical providers? Nobody has a right to live off other people's labor. "	AGAINST
3952	healthcare	" Public insurance option is less costly than private insurance ""Why The Public Health Insurance Option Is Worth Fighting For"". Think Progress. August 19th, 2009: ""Real health care reform that includes a new public health insurance option could adopt the kind of payment reforms that would start to Ã’hold down long-term growth in health spending' and encourage providers to deliver care more efficiently. We know that premiums in the public option would be about 10 percent lower and that a real robust plan that piggy backs off of MedicareÃ•s infrastructure could save us somewhere between $75 billion and $150 billion over 10 years."""	FAVOR
3953	healthcare	" Greater access to health insurance does not improve public health"	AGAINST
3954	healthcare	" Public option weakens private insurers, forcing many out of their plans ""The End of Private Health Insurance"". Wall Street Journal (editorial). April 13, 2009: ""In a recent analysis, Lewin estimates that enrollment in the public option will reach 131 million people if it is open to everyone and pays Medicare rates. Fully 119 million people will shift out of -- or lose -- private coverage. Everything depends on the payment levels that Congress adopts, as well as the size of the eligible pool. But even if a public option available to all takes the highly improbable step of paying at some midpoint between private and Medicare rates, nearly 68 million people will still be crowded out of private insurance."""	AGAINST
3955	healthcare	 When it come to how much money we spend of all things health care should be free!! People below the poverty line should also have the same rights as the 'higher class'. I say this because the people in the poverty line can not afford health care. So they get sick. And in turns get more sick because they don't get any help! The number of uninsured citizens has grown to over 40 million.   /> Health care has become increasingly unaffordable for businesses and individuals.   /> We can eliminate wasteful inefficiencies such as duplicate paper work, claim approval, insurance submission, etc.   /> We can develop a centralized national database which makes diagnosis and treatment easier for doctors.   /> Medical professionals can concentrate on healing the patient rather than on insurance procedures, malpractice liability, etc.   /> Free medical services would encourage patients to practice preventive medicine and inquire about problems early when treatment will be light; currently, patients often avoid physicals and other preventive measures because of the costs	FAVOR
3956	healthcare	 What is call The N.H.S. Is a million miles away from what it once was when introduced to Britain in the 1950's.  /> We can no longer afford in it's present form, and do all the other things Governments commit us to.	FAVOR
3957	healthcare	"Krugman, Pual. ""The Waiting Game"". New York Times. July 16, 2007"	FAVOR
3958	healthcare	Noone is secured to have job or economic security, and ordinary citizens who worked hard for a living and save a lot for their   retirement  , ended up a victim. How could we be sure that our   children  's children will have the same opportunity as we do- having adequate medical insurance because of our job or financial status? Life changes and the economic cycle change, and with this American   economy   is also floundering, hence, the number of unemployed and uninsured Americans continues to rise. Inspite of our advancement in   health     technology  , the uninsured still do not receive the same level of care as the insured. Nearly two-thirds of these uninsured adults do not have access to medical care, thus increasing health and   health care   disparities, as well as health care costs. They often come to the emergency departments with life-threatening illnesses for they could not receive the preventative care nor proper treatment for their chronic illness (i.e. lung disease, high blood pressure, and or diabetes). The US can no longer afford to sacrifice a major portion of its citizenry to inadequate, substandard access to health care.Providing universal access to health care in America would be a major step in improving and removing the disparities of both health and health care currently reflected in our health care system. Both politically and fiscally, a national   health insurance   could not only improve medical care for the poor but also for the majority of insured Americans. UHC plan based its argument on the premise that the health care system can be cured by taking the profit motive out of the system - as other countries do. The current HMO/PPO bureaucracy consumes almost 30% of all the dues designated for health care, to echelon of administrative bureaucracy. Insurance companies have entire departments whose only function is to find ways to deny payment. Conversely, hospitals have entire departments trying to be paid from insurance companies - now that is a waste of precious resources. By reducing this bulging bureaucracy, an estimated $140 billion could be saved annually, leaving more than enough funding for the uninsured and the underinsured. A recent study evaluating the California Health Service Plan (CHSP) has shown that a single government payer linked to public authority and accountability can effectively finance health care and significantly save on health care spending, while improving the health of the population This will make health care  affordable, cheaper and provide access for all.	FAVOR
3959	healthcare	I would LOVE to have universal heatlthcare, but out debt just happens to be $53 TRILLION, so I guess we cannot afford it.	AGAINST
3960	healthcare	"As usual you socialists dodge the need to justify that healthcare is a right, or prove that it's the moral thing to do. Let's hear it. Here, I'll get you started... ""You are your brother's keeper....""That's the only justification ever offered for socialism, and it's still not an argument. Why am I my brother's keeper? For one that's insulting to my brother; for another it means my enslavement. We are not born in to servitude, we are born as unique individuals, each with our own lives, our own minds, and our own goals. The essence of morality is for us to use our minds to support our lives, to make our own judgments, to produce the values that our lives require. It is not to force others to serve our needs. A moral government is one that leaves people free to use their minds and act on their own judgment. This is still America, not the Soviet Union. ""Universal healthcare"" really means universal enslavement, everybody is forced to provide for the needs of everyone else. It's mass enslavement and as far from moral as you can get. And because its immoral it is impractical, as any attempt at socialized medicine around the globe has shown. If you want to concretize what socialized medicine would be like imagine the intellectually demanding, and technologically advanced field of medicine run by the geniuses that run the post office, or the Dept. of Motor Vehicles, or our dismal school system. There will be waiting lines, there will be rationing, there will be monumental incompetence and arrogant bureaucracy. Do you want to put your life in their hands? Well you have the right to subject yourself to that, but leave the rest of us responsible adults out of it.  "	AGAINST
3961	healthcare	 I agree Health is something that should not be given to the rich it is something that every human resource just because they are human	FAVOR
3962	healthcare	"Not much here I haven't addressed to someone else:     ""First you start with a dishonest heading: ""Single-Payer Systems Do Not Cost Less Than the U.S. Health Care System"" Then you admit within the first couple of sentences that the title is nonsense.""Actual quote is as follows:""They donÃ•t cost less, but they do spend less. ThatÃ•s an important distinction.""They also continue in the article to explain how much of the larger wads of cash SPENT on UHC is eaten up by bureaucracy:""The key distinction is that in the single-payer countries the government, not the market, decides how much will be spent on health care.   That means health care spending is a political decision, not a medical one.   Because there are several valid claims on taxpayer money (e.g., education, defense, welfare, etc.), the government has to weigh and balance them with the funds it has available.   Thus the fact that single-payer countries spend less than the U.S. on health care tells us nothing about their efficiency. Their governments have simply made an arbitrary decision to spend less, but they will also get less."" (From the 3rd paragraph)""But in any case, your argument only makes sense -- national-healthcare systems spend less because they choose to spend less -- if the results were worse...if the choice led to worse healthcare. But this clearly isn't the case. The US spends more -- vastly more -- on healthcare per capita than the Western national systems, and yet...""Before I get into each of those talking points, let's examine some of the claims you just made. You just stated that the US ALREADY spends the MOST tax money on healthcare and that various problems exist, yet you suggest that we adopt a system which would be even more guilty of high costs than the current one.Now  as for those problems:""* Tens of millions of people are not directly covered by the system""Any chance they might be rich fucks who don't qualify because they don't need it?""* Most of these people do not receive good healthcare, because they simply can't afford it themselves""So we should raise taxes on productive people who actually worked their but off to get benefits?""* Citizens under the national-healthcare systems live longer""I'm sure the 2-year difference between the US and Canada CAN'T POSSIBLY have anything to do with the poor lifestyle choices Americans tend to make considering the fast food nation we are, right?""* Babies born in the national-healthcare systems are more likely to survive""I would like a reference on this, and see the above point.""* Citizens under the national-healthcare systems are healthier than Americans""Not that it has anything to do with healthcare (again, see the point about that menial 2 year life-expectancy difference). ""* There's no evidence that the enormous extra cost of the American system provides any real benefits over the service received by citizens of countries with national-healthcare systems!""Right, so abolish Medicare and Medicaid and send SCHIP to hell. "	AGAINST
3963	healthcare	" Cost savings with universal health care will outweigh program costs It is important in this analysis to consider that, even if universal health care were to cost more now, that these costs could easily be outweighed by long-term cost-savings. In other words, the costs of not implementing universal health care would be greater than the costs of implementing it."	FAVOR
3964	healthcare	but thanks for the warning ;)	AGAINST
3965	healthcare	"Universal health care risks monopsony: Universal health care systems, in an effort to control costs by gaining or enforcing monopsony power, sometimes outlaw medical care paid for by private, individual funds."	AGAINST
3966	healthcare	What makes you think that left to my own devices I would want to build a society similar to the one we have? Just as an example, do you think I like driving so much that I want roads everywhere? Do you think that I would create a society where I have to get in the car everyday?	AGAINST
3967	healthcare	You are right, Austraila, Canada, and the UK all have universal healthcare. The major problem with the system that is used in those countries is that it raises their taxes and also access to healthcare is extremely slow. I ma probably one of the lucky ones, I healthcare from where I work. One week when I was sick, I called my DR's office and had an appointment that week. Where with the system that is used in Canada(personaly know friends in Calgary) this would probably take a few months before I am seen. I work in the Emergency Room of a Veterans Hospital, this is a prime example of how Universal Healthcare would work int the US. Our veterans wait for at least 3 months to see their pirmary care provider, consiquently, the Emergency Room is over run with patients that would normaly be taken care of by their primary care provider. This is all not even considering how well the federal government runs thing. For example look at the wonderful job they do with FEMA. Personaly I think we would be better off if we presure the Health Insurance Campanies e.g. Blue Cross, Aetna, etc, to a ensure everyone has access to health care. Also presure on the pharmacutical companies to level their prices for perscription medications.I think that if they were actualy spending all the money that they are saying they are on research, we should have cures for cancer and the comon cold by now.	AGAINST
3968	healthcare	Everyone keeps trying to have these one quick fixes of the social inequalities that exist (and are increasing) for the American people. One big stimilus check does not save a bad business. It is a bad business. One switch from private to universal healthcare does not fix the problem: that people cannot afford it because they are poor. Universal healthcare could actually increase the cost of healthcare for some individuals, particularly the middle class. So switching the healthcare system does not solve the problem, it only changes it. What the American people need to focus on is something to alter the actual social condition--to mediate, to relieve, and to solve the growing poverty rates (and to make America as economically equal as it is idealistically equal). What could do this? Changing the healthcare system? Maybe. But maybe not.	AGAINST
3969	healthcare	OK, it would get rid of some problems with the current health care system, but it would create a whole new set of problems.Look at the other countries that have Universal Health Care. Let's take your example, Sweden. Sweden has a reasonably manageable population of around nine million. That's about as much as one of the many large metropolitan areas in the United States. The Sweden government does not need nearly as much money as the American government would to supply its population with health care. The American government can't even afford the services it offers now. If this were passed, taxes would be outrageous. The country would either take more and more of its citizen's money, or become trillions and trillions more dollars in debt.	AGAINST
3970	healthcare	"""Morality ends where a gun begins""- Ayn RandOn what basis does one call government-run ""universal health care"" ""the moral thing to do""?It is only the morality of altruism...the creed that holds individual human sacrifice for a ""higher"" purpose as the standard of the good...that can sanction any proposal to force others to act against his own will, judgement, and self-interest. But altruism is really an anti-morality, which offers a person no moral guidance on how to achieve the values required for his survival and happiness, but rather simply declares that he is moral only to the extent that he gives up his values for the sake of others...any others.That is why altruism is always the justification for all forms of tyranny, including government-imposed ""universal health care"", which is merely a health care dictatorship in disguise. A consumer's right to decide for himself whether and what type of health insurance to purchase; An insurance company's right to determine what insurance products it will offer, based upon its own market judgement; A doctor's right to choose his patients, the treatments to pursue, and the price he will charge; The rights of consumers, insurance companies, and doctors to negotiate and contract voluntarily with each other to mutual advantage; The rights of all people to decide whether, when, what type, and what level of voluntary charitable giving to offer others...these are all merely selfish concerns, according to altruist principles, of no consequence next to a government takeover of a major industry. It's quite all right for the government to trample and sacrifice the rights of people acting in their own self-interest. It's quite all right to sacrifice the earnings, the healthcare decision-making, the careers, the goals, the personal judgements, and the business decisions of private citizens. It's quite all right to hand enormous coercive dictatorial power over other peoples' lives to ""altruistic"" central planning bureaucrats. It is quite all right to bestow unearned benefits obtained forcibly from the sacrificial victims of an altruistic state on those who did not earn them, but for whom it is apparently o.k. to selfishly accept their stolen property. Well, the game is nearing an end. Tyrants, ""social justice"" totalitarians, humanitarians with a ""good cause"" in one hand and the lever of a guillotine in the other, and all manner of politically-connected do-gooders have been riding the altruistic gravy train long enough. All of the ""should be"" goals listed by the National Physicians' Alliance are desirable when taken out of context. But a government that attempts to achieve those ends can only do so through the power to loot and enslave, which ultimately leads to the opposite results. It is an immoral government. So now let it be said. No one who would use initiative physical force, including ""democratic"" or ""legislative"" force, against his fellow citizens to achieve his endsÃ‰no matter how worthwhileÃ‰can wave the banner of morality. That banner belongs only to people who renounce the initiation of physical force, and turn instead to respecting and protecting individual rights...everyone's rights equally and at all times.And that means, in the field of medicine, pursuing the moral goal of phasing out the current crumbling government-hampered system, and establishing a completely free market.Now that would be the moral thing to do."	AGAINST
3971	healthcare	  It is by individual rights that capitalism is the best. People have the freedom of life, liberty and happiness.  All other forms give gov the 'right' to interfere or physically force individuals according to what 'it' sees as proper.  So its about freedom - and free market capitalism provide the most freedom, and requires that people have individual rights - to function.  Never in any way can anyone justify government or a group of people to have control over individual rights -  such as one's life (health), one's property (money).  	AGAINST
3972	healthcare	" Public insurance is public-private hybrid, not socialized medicine Jacob S. Hacker, Ph.D. ""The case for public plan choice in national health reform"". Institute for America's Future: ""[Public option] is not an argument for a universal Medicare program, but instead for a Ã’hybridÃ“ approach that builds on the best elements of the present systemÃ‘large group plans in the public and private sectorsÃ‘while putting in place a new means by which those without access to secure workplace insurance can choose among health plans that provide strong guarantees of quality, affordable coverage."""	FAVOR
3973	healthcare	Thank you. That first paragraph couldnt be more true. Im with you 100%	AGAINST
3974	healthcare	"US health care is fantastic, but millions can't afford it. Edward Kennedy. ""Health bill would fix what's broken"". Boston Globe. May 28, 2009: ""We have the greatest doctors and medical innovations in the world, but more and more Americans are on the outside looking in to a world of progress and discovery that is denied to them because they cannot afford quality healthcare."""	FAVOR
3975	healthcare	" Medical innovation has little to do with investment and profit Jonathan Cohn. ""Creative Destruction. The best case against universal health care."" The New Republic. November 12, 2007 - ""[...]The development of DBS was one part basic knowledge--an understanding of how Parkinson's works and how the brain responds to electrical stimulation--and one part sheer luck. Profits, on the other hand, had relatively little to do with it. ."""	FAVOR
3976	healthcare	" Universal health care violates individual freedom and responsibility It is important that individuals be treated as free moral agents, accountable to their own actions, and not held accountable to the actions of others. Universal health care holds some individuals accountable for the actions of others.    "	AGAINST
3977	healthcare	" The government funds fire-stations, why not universal health care? The government taxes citizens to fund and provide numerous services universally, including policemen and firemen. These services are comparable to physician services in many ways, particularly in the sense that they help protect the life, safety, or health of citizens. Why shouldn't health care also be provided universally through the same means - taxes?"	FAVOR
3978	healthcare	I think that universal healthcare sounds all warm and fuzzy and lets treat everyone equal and whatever, but seriously lets think about it for a minute. I can empathize with you on the specialist thing. I had to see a retinal specialist last year once a month for 6 months. The receptionist warned us not to bother coming early bc there would be a wait. The wait every month no fail was AT LEAST 3 hours even with an appointment scheduled. Now that was a retinal specialist. Think about how many poor people are plagued with diabetes and are suffering retinal damage because 1. they cannot or/ do not want to care for their diabetes or 2. are not able to get medical attention. If all those people were suddenly blessed with universal health care that wait would be off the friggin chart. And thats just for diabetic retinopathy. Now imagine cardiovascular disease, resiratory and, mental diseases; all of these diseases are more prevalent in low income populations aka those that are most likely to not have health care coverage. Where are we going to get the doctors, nurses, respiratory therapists, cardiologists, rheumatologists, CNA's, PCA's, and the like, not to mention room in the wards and equipment to care for there patients? I have been in the hospitals for more than 2 years now and even with that little experience I can say that hospitals, although touted as near rackets by most, are strapped for staff and properly functioning equipment. An average nursing assignment is determined by most facilities to be at 4-5 to ensure safe care for all patients. In reality nurses are assigned upwards of 6. In nursing homes and rehab settings it can be upwards of 16 (where I work). The most I have seen is 22. This means less care for ALL of the patients involved not just the poor, and is frankly dangerous to everyone involved.As a health care provider it breaks my heart to see people suffering for financial or lack of insurance or whatever, but handing it to everyone in a country this size with a medical field as lacking as ours is is totally unrealistic. First fix the health care system as a whole THEN invite everyone. I also advocate for plans like MassHealth. So many people knock it but my family was on it for 1 year and it was not bad. I forget the statistic but there is a huge percent of people who are elligible for it that do not utilize it.	AGAINST
3979	healthcare	"Public option forces taxpayers to pay for other people's insurance. Those that decide to keep their private insurance will gain nothing from the public insurance option, and will actually have to subsidize the public insurance option by paying higher taxes. This violate the liberty of the majority of taxpayers in order to insure individuals that are often simply too irresponsible to seek and obtain their own private insurance. Such breaches of the individual liberties of taxpayers are unjust."	AGAINST
3980	healthcare	"""There's no such thing as altruism. Everyone is selfish.""So how exactly would public ownership of the means of production address this?""It doesn't matter if they're doing things supposedly for someone else... it's always done out of self-interest.""So all those who died on 9/11 trying to save others where saving them out of self-interest. Good to know. ""Anything done that is ""altruistic"" is done for the individual doing the act because it will benefit that person.""Can you explain the following under that assumption:    ""But you wouldn't know that because you're so up Ayn Rand's ass.... she's a second rate philosopher anyway. Excellent writer, though.""Sure as hell better than Marx. At least her ideas didn't result in the deaths of over 100 million people.    /BACKGROUND_100_million_deaths_under_communismI would highly recommend ""The Black book of Communism."" My only criticism is that it makes the holocaust look like a Disney movie (somewhat). "	AGAINST
3981	healthcare	A government run program would eventually monopolize the whole industry. We really don't want that.	AGAINST
3982	healthcare	A smart person! OMFG!!!If only Michael Glass would learn from you. 	AGAINST
3983	healthcare	" Universal care would protect doctors/hospitals from free-loaders Uncompensated care is a problem for hospitals and doctors. In a single-payer system, doctors would not be vulnerable to free-loading (as rare as willful free-loading is)."	FAVOR
3984	healthcare	"#2: ""Single Payer"" does not refer to the consolidation of the companies, and as such is not completely socialized; they still exist independently in a Capitalist sense, but private or public are paid by a single social fund.As for #3, holy crap."	FAVOR
3985	healthcare	"Public insurance option will increase taxes and drag-down the economy. Karl Rove. ""How to Stop Socialized Health Care"" Wall Street Journal. June 11, 2009: ""Who covers the rest? Government passes the bill for the outstanding balance to providers and families not covered by government programs. This cost-shifting amounts to a forced subsidy. Families pay about $1,800 more a year for someone else's health care as a result, according to a recent study by Milliman Inc. It's also why many doctors limit how many Medicare patients they take: They can afford only so much charity care."""	AGAINST
3986	healthcare	"And I've eaten!OK, so why do we not like this? There's a lot of misinformation being thrown around, and quite frankly, a lot of lies, so I'm going to try and correct the ones I hear most often.First of all, people are calling it single payer. It's not. A single payer system is one where the government pays for everything through tax revenue, like they have in Canada. This is a   public option  .Second of all, people are calling it socialized   medicine  . It is also very not. Socialized medicine is where the government actually owns the hospitals and the   doctors   are government employees. That's what England has. That's what the VA is. That is not what this is.People who oppose this like to tell horror stories about the other countries that have systems like that, single payer and socialized. The best example I can think of is this one.    Which I'll summarize again. Feel free to act this out on your own.""Morris:ÃŠ And what's going to happen is the same thing that goes on in Canada.ÃŠ Because of the long wait for colonoscopies, the incidence of colon   cancer   in Canada is 25 percent higher than in the US.And because the two top drugs we use for chemotherapy for advanced stage colon cancer are not available in Canada because of costs, the death rate is 2 % higher.ÃŠ 41 percent of Canadians die of colon cancer compared to 32 in the US.O'Reilly:ÃŠ That is one of the most compelling things about your book, is that you deliver statistics that say Americans are a lot healthier than Canadians are in the vital disease categoryÃ‘heart disease, cancer, things like that.ÃŠMorris:ÃŠ Let's quantify it.ÃŠ 6 percent lower death rate from heart disease and a 16 percent lower death rate from cancer in the US.ÃŠ And Canada has more poor people.""There are two possibilities here. One is that Dick Morris is telling the truth. If he is, then you have to compare the survival rates to the amount of   money   going in. Remember, Canadians spend half as much as Americans per capita on   health care  . 6% for 50% less money? Okay.The other possibility is that he's not telling the truth. Remember the 12,000, 18,000 and 100,000 numbers. Also, check THIS out.A large study found that five-year survival rates for many diseases in this country are no better than they are in countries that spend far less on health care. People here are less likely to have long-term survival after colorectal cancer, childhood leukemia, or a kidney transplant than they are in Canada.    According to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, we spend $412 per person on health care administrative costs, versus an average of $72 for peer OECD countries. Six times as much. Here's a cool graph thing.    Something else I keep hearing is about wait times. Canada, the UK, oh the Wait Times. Often there are anecdotes.So I went to Business Week magazine, the INCREDIBLY LIBERAL SOURCE, who was studying the issue. ""In reality, both data and anecdotes show that the American people are already waiting as long or longer than patients living with   universal health care   systems.""    So remember. We've got the same wait times, but we spend twice as much money. If Canada, France, GB, etc. doubled the money they were spending on health care, it would be incredible. There'd be house calls! Best hospital   food   ever! Wait times wouldn't exist!Now, if we in the US cut our medical expenditure in half, how long would our wait times be? How bad would it get?So why are people ACTUALLY hating on this?Same QM Time, Same QM Channel!"	FAVOR
3987	healthcare	Capitalism at its best.	AGAINST
3988	healthcare	I can't tell if you're being serious...Basically, socialists want government management of the economy, while capitalists want an unregulated free market.Hit up google if you want more info.	FAVOR
3989	healthcare	"Allowing for pooling of resources to force drugs to lower prices will reduce overall innovation.  Reducing profit, reduces motive and the money necessary to get a drug through FDA trials.  Without profit motive, drug companies will naturally move away from the rare and complex, yet fatal, diseases if they only affect a small percentage of people.  Without the ability to set the price, their resources will naturally be moved almost exclusively into benign treatments which will have a larger percentage of the population as potential users."	AGAINST
3990	healthcare	"Public health insurance creates two-tiers of quality. Ronald Bailey. ""The beginning of the end of private health insurance"". Reason. June 9, 2009: ""The best result of creating a parallel public insurance scheme is that the United States would end up with an explicit two-tier medical system in which privately insured Americans have better access to better medical care. Such two-tier health care systems already exist in countries with national health care schemes such as the United Kingdom and Germany. In the United Kingdom, more and more Britons are opting for private health insurance instead of remaining with that country's National Health Service. Privately insured Americans would get higher quality health care, but because the market for medical innovation would be smaller, everybody will get worse care than they would otherwise have received had most health care not been nationalized."""	AGAINST
3991	healthcare	OMG! Grow up! If you want the government to take care of you then you never stopped suckling on your mother's tit!	AGAINST
3992	healthcare	" Universal health care creates a universal standard of care Nathan Newman. ""Medical Malpractice and Universal Health Care"". Progressive Populist. October 01, 2002 - ""The other advantage of universal health care is that it creates a clear standard of care. What government pays for becomes the reasonable standard of care, a standard that can be debated democratically at appropriations time for the health care budget rather than haggled for erratically in the courts."""	FAVOR
3993	healthcare	I'm only going to answer the question in the title. The national health care reform isn't the answer to our medical problems. The biggest problem is food safety and the american diet. Preventative measures need to be taught to the masses so that we can eliminate the need for much of the reasons we frequent the hospitals. What they are trying to push is system where everyone has the right and can afford health care when they DO need it. I am all for that. The biggest step is not only to address the Health Care reform talk, but to integrate measures that will take some stress off it and put the responsibility of individual health in individuals. Again, this is an answer to your question.	AGAINST
3994	healthcare	I am not disputing that productive people lead to success however, making them pay it back will set them back even further in the long run, therefore, making the rich richer and the poor poorer. It is possible to have strict regulation to prevent people from taking advantage without making them pay it back. Such as, a required amount of resumes handed out and interviews a week, weekly or monthly checkups on people who are unsuccessful at finding jobs and you could even provide access to job placement agencies.	FAVOR
3995	healthcare	"Higher-end treatment is important; sometimes you can't prevent illness. With higher-end treatments in privatized health care societies, treatment is often superior. For those that will contract illnesses or cancers regardless of any preventative measures they take, such high-end treatment is welcome. "	AGAINST
3996	healthcare	 Not all healthcare should be free. First of all, its not a practical idea. The costs of doctor's consultation, medical tests, operations, equipments, hospitals, utilities will be in billions of dollars. Government could go bankrupt. I personally think that it should be cheap rather than freely available. In your case, people will be putting responsibilities of their health on doctors and medicines, rather than taking care personally by refraining from alcohol, smoking, and other harmful substances. Nothing should be free!	AGAINST
3997	healthcare	" Single-payer health care hinders medical investment and innovation The primary cause of this is a reduction in economic incentives for innovation. In general, the only way that people will take the time, energy, and risks involved with innovation is if there are substantial returns for their investment. This notion underpins the markets and capitalism generally, but is undermined by universal health care. Universal health care, therefore, could be expected to see fewer innovations and medical advancements.  "	AGAINST
3998	healthcare	How is it not a quick fix? For starters, one of the main problems with health care in America is its lack of doctors and its price at doctor fees. America has more malpractice suits than any other country, which means that our doctors need to be heavily insured. The more our doctors need to spend, the more we need to spend. The problem with American healthcare system is not who is paying for it (private insurance agencies, or the government) because in the end the people paying for it are, well, the people. The real problem is becoming a loss in education (check out how the education cuts schools are taking. I know at Framingham State College they are about to cut the English Department by nearly two thirds). Less education means less high paying jobs. Less high paying jobs includes doctors. Universal Healthcare will not work unless America gets more doctors (if everyone has coverage, everyone is going to go--especially in situation where before they had decided not to: this means that some people may expect a doctor to treat their every cold, their every cut, and their every bruise. There will be those who abuse the system) and America cannot get more doctors unless it aids students in becoming doctors (and then protects its doctors from oftentimes ill-advised lawsuits). Again, I will repeat my main point. A Universal Healthcare system will not aid this country's economic situation. It will not help the people. It will hurt them. The middle class will bear more weight (and taxation) upon their shoulders. The middle class now is already paying for the healthcare of illegal immigrants. I think to solve the problem with growing medical fees in this nation, a change from private to universal healthcare will not promote economic security (in fact, health insurance companies are pretty big companies employing thousands of people across the country--would switching to universal healthcare put them out of jobs?). Universal healthcare is not a band-aid, so why should it be treated as such? It is just a change of structure, not a change to fix the economic and social crises of the nation.	AGAINST
3999	healthcare	I am sure all of your facts are valid even though I did not click the links.I do not agree that these numbers mean that we need a significant overhaul of the current insurance company system.  I think there are some small ways to fix all of these problems without going to UHC.  I will get to those after I finish reading your essay...	AGAINST
4000	healthcare	" Universal health care will allow doctors to concentrate on patients In private and managed health care networks, doctors typically have to check with insurance companies before they perform a service. Such a system does not relate to the patients needs, but corresponds only to financial considerations."	FAVOR
4001	healthcare	I feel a great amount of sympathy for you that our nation enslaved you for two years.  I am firmly, and absolutely, against the draft on moral grounds.Do you ever wonder why everyone gets their   health insurance   through their job?  What brought that about?  Why don't we buy health insurance on our own?  What stops us?  Why can't we buy health insurance from another state if it is cheaper?Here is a great article that I suggest should everyone read.    Please don't let the government draft me into a universal   health care   system against my own will for the sake of someone else's need.  It was wrong in Viet Nam -- It is wrong here.  It is not compassionate, and it is not moral.	AGAINST
4002	healthcare	" There is no such thing as ""free"" healthcare.  Someone will have to pay for it.  If you mean, somebody else should pay for my healthcare because I can't or don't want to, then that's a different debate.  Certainly, healthcare isn't an equal right if some are paying for themselves and others, and others are contributing nothing."	AGAINST
4003	healthcare	"""Against Universal Coverage"". National Review Online. June 21, 2007"	AGAINST
4004	healthcare	"Public insurance would not waste money on advertising. Signe Wilkinson. ""Unhealthy arguments against public option"" Philadelphia Daily News. July 14, 2009: ""JUST IMAGINE: ""Fireworks Night"" at the Phillies' game brought to you by . . . Medicare. Would you wonder why the federal government was spending beacoup bucks on pyrotechnics and a huge sign saying ""Choose . . . the Public Option""? [...] Yet the fireworks shows at Citizens Bank Park last Thursday and Friday were brought to the sellout crowds by Independence Blue Cross. When the lights were dimmed to better view the display, one huge sign stayed lit: 'Choose Blue.' [...] Blue Cross and other major health-care insurers are among the most vocal opponents of a robust ""public option"" in the health-care reform legislation being negotiated in Congress; they say it won't work because government is congenitally wasteful. But it's a cinch that government-run health insurance wouldn't spend money on fireworks or advertising."" "	FAVOR
4005	healthcare	"Aging countries cannot afford universal health care. When a country's population ages, the strain of a universal health care program grows, with a larger percentage of the population reaching an age in which they require health care. Therefore, in countries where the population is aging, it may be important to avoid a universal health care program."	AGAINST
4006	healthcare	"Health care databases threaten to violate the privacy of patients."	AGAINST
4007	healthcare	So what you are saying is that because there are a few hard luck cases out there, we should all be made to suffer under the same crappy health care system? I don't buy that. If you are so worried about these hard luck cases, why don't you give money to one of the thousands of legitimate charities that are oriented toward health care? Why are you so sure that the government can do a better job? Well I guess the government has a tremendous track record. I mean, just look at how they handled Katrina....ok...maybe that is a bad example. How about roads...no....another bad example. Well the government does a great job with schools....no....another bad example. Well the government does a great job of regulating financial instutions...no...another bad example. I've got it this time...the government does a great job of protecting us from contaminated food....oh...wait, there was that peanut butter scare, and the spinach scare and the tomato scare and the baby formula scare. Well surely the government keeps our streets safe...oh...no...wait, jails are full so they are letting criminals go. Well, we know this....the government does a great job of protecting our borders....gosh darn it, another bad example. Sorry boss, I couldn't find anything our government does well. But I'm sure they'll excel at UHC.	AGAINST
4008	healthcare	Life expectancy, infant mortality, etc. have more to do with genetics, lifestyles and crime then they do with quality of the health care system.  Unless you mean lack of beds, waiting lists, lower pay for doctors, etc. somehow can make people live a few years longer.	AGAINST
4009	healthcare	"....thanks, but that's not communism.  It's a distortion.  How many people died under the distortion of capitalism?  I don't know... but quite a lot.   People still do because ""capitalism"" supports ""communism"".  Or, maybe you haven't noticed that production has all but ceased here and has been moved to places where profit is maximized but at a human cost?Now...  it's a common idea that there's no such thing as altruism.  It's an argument. That's all..... and it's a very easy argument to make and a hard one to argue against. But what about Mother Theresa?... but what about some regular person? Greater reward....  that's why.  Mother Theresa did all those things because of the ultimate, and purely selfish act of getting into heaven.   It doesn't mean you don't appreciate human life.... but acting in self-interest is the reason behind most actions.   I made my new neighbors vegan brownies because I want them to like me... that way they'll call 911 if my house is on fire.   Purely selfish.... but I do think they're nice people and I hope they enjoy the brownies (which were Not goopy, amazingly)."	FAVOR
4010	healthcare	"Public insurance will discourage people from becoming doctors. Public insurance, and the specter of increasingly socialized medicine, will discourage prospective doctors from entering the industry, as they will fear that their hard work will not be fairly rewarded. "	AGAINST
4011	healthcare	" Health insurance strains on businesses damage global competitiveness "	FAVOR
4012	healthcare	" Insurers/conservatives oppose public insurance because it works Robert Reich. ""Why critics of a public option for healthcare are wrong"". Salon. June 24, 2009: ""[A public option] does crack the door open for expanding the number of Americans who get their health insurance through the government. And this is what terrifies the insurance companies and conservatives. Their fear is that it will actually work. If the program operates well, more and more people will make the rational decision to choose it over private insurance (what we're supposed to do in a market, after all) and the insurance companies will lose customers."""	FAVOR
4013	healthcare	"but I have read the bill.  No need to try to interpret it for me.You seem to have no idea how a free market works.  I don't want to waste time giving you a lesson in economics because you are not going to trust me as a viable source anyway.  Therefore, I will try to make my point another way.UHC will be funded by   taxes  .Taxes are paid by everyone (unequally, the rich paying a higher percentage).Everyone will not be using the same amount of   health care  .Therefore, some people will be paying more than their share and some will be paying less.This is unequal and unfair and WRONG.Also, health care should not be free for anyone ever. Unless everyone should get a physical trainer for free or healthy   food   for free or   plastic   surgery for free.  Even services concerning the human body cost   money   because they are SERVICES.  20 years ago, if someone was diagnosed with   cancer  , it was accepted that they would die. Now, not only is it expected that they'll live, but it must be free????  A doctor says, ""I can save your life but it will cost $1,000 for the equipment and the time and the   education   required to save your life"" and people are upset???????  Are they upset that people have developed the   technology   to save them?????  The technology is not free and neither is life.  It costs money to live because money is a symbol that a person has contributed something to   society  .  It is simply a symbol that says ""I have done $20 worth of something for someone else, so here's $20 to you for what you're going to do for me."" What money represents means that it should not be redistributed ""equally"" because by nature, it is already distributed truly equally.  As complex as our society is, the nature and origin of money is really very simple.  Trade."	AGAINST
4014	healthcare	 Health care. I am in a private health care scheme through my employer. And I jumped at it. The NHS produces doctors who will see you quicker if you are registered to BUPA. The same doctors.  /> I once saw doctors as the last hope of idealism. Realism won that one again.  /> 	FAVOR
4015	healthcare	The two year life expectancy is a statistic.  It may in fact have more to do with   gun control   and our propensity to send young people off to war to get killed and maimed.  Or maybe it's because we have more cars per capita and drive them longer distances because we have cheap gasoline.  It's probably not due to superior   health care   at all.  More likely a result of some other lefty policy you detest.	FAVOR
4016	healthcare	Healthcare reform that seeks to trample upon both liberty and freedom is the antithesis of the inalienable rights of Life, Liberty and the pursuit of happiness.HR 3962 Subpart A--Individual ResponsibilitySEC. 501. TAX ON INDIVIDUALS WITHOUT ACCEPTABLE HEALTH CARE COVERAGE.(a) In General- Subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new part:`PART VIII--HEALTH CARE RELATED TAXES`subpart a. tax on individuals without acceptable health care coverage.`Subpart A--Tax on Individuals Without Acceptable Health Care Coverage`Sec. 59B. Tax on individuals without acceptable health care coverage.`SEC. 59B. TAX ON INDIVIDUALS WITHOUT ACCEPTABLE HEALTH CARE COVERAGE.`(a) Tax Imposed- In the case of any individual who does not meet the requirements of subsection (d) at any time during the taxable year, there is hereby imposed a tax equal to 2.5 percent of the excess of--`(1) the taxpayer's modified adjusted gross income for the taxable year, over`(2) the amount of gross income specified in section 6012(a)(1) with respect to the taxpayer.`(b) Limitations-`(1) TAX LIMITED TO AVERAGE PREMIUM-`(A) IN GENERAL- The tax imposed under subsection (a) with respect to any taxpayer for any taxable year shall not exceed the applicable national average premium for such taxable year.`(B) APPLICABLE NATIONAL AVERAGE PREMIUM-`(i) IN GENERAL- For purposes of subparagraph (A), the `applicable national average premium' means, with respect to any taxable year, the average premium (as determined by the Secretary, in coordination with the Health Choices Commissioner) for self-only coverage under a basic plan which is offered in a Health Insurance Exchange for the calendar year in which such taxable year begins.`(ii) FAILURE TO PROVIDE COVERAGE FOR MORE THAN ONE INDIVIDUAL- In the case of any taxpayer who fails to meet the requirements of subsection (d) with respect to more than one individual during the taxable year, clause (i) shall be applied by substituting `family coverage' for `self-only coverage'.BLAH,BLAH,BLAHSorry for the long-winded citation. Also read the JCT letter:  (Note the date stamp)I think it is fair to allow you an opportunity to evaluate the evidence I presented. If those documents do not support my inference of the violation of the rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, then weÃ•ll debate my assertions.	AGAINST
4017	healthcare	" Public option jeopardizes passing healthcare reform legislation Stuart Butler. ""The Case Against: The public plan will unfairly crowd out private coverage"". Heritage Foundation. July 28, 2009: ""I've spent the last 30 years trying to achieve affordable health coverage for all Americans, so it's frustrating to see the obsession with a 'public plan' making it impossible for reasonable people from both parties to come together. 'The fixation on a public plan is bizarre and counterproductive,' The Washington Post put it recently in an editorial. 'It would be a huge mistake for the left to torpedo reform over this question.' [...] Why does such a seemingly benign idea pose such a dire threat? Because supporters are disingenuous about their real goals and about how it would really work. The arguments for a public option as the only way to achieve certain objectives just don't stack up."""	AGAINST
4018	healthcare	"""Again, you are young and have never worked in the professional world yet.""I'm not sure what you mean by professional world, but I have had a job for a while now. ""Nor have you or altarion had the responsibility of maintaining yourself or a family on top of that.""I may not have a wife and kids but I would consider myself as responsible. Considering that I save half of all of the money that I earn. I already have allot of money saved. I thought I would get a head start instead of waiting till collage to save money, and then blame the government for not helping me. It does not look like fun so I'm choosing not to participate. I think I'm maintaining myself pretty well. You seem to make allot of assumptions about people. They tend to be false.""Actually, most educated people in the US agree with the universal option.""Prove it."	AGAINST
4019	healthcare	Being from Canada, I can tell you first hand the pros (and cons) of Public Health Care.I can tell you that because Health Care is free for everyone (this is a generalization, actual costs vary by province (or territory)), one, I break my arm and call an ambulance without a very strange bill appearing later. Two, the financial burden of Health Insurance is taken off the plates on the individual families, many of whom could not afford it. Instead Health Care is paid for through the province in which you reside. Should you want Private Health Care, it is available.I can also tell you that often Hospitals are backed up. Not enough staff is usually the case. Lots of the infrastructure (buildings, etc...) are getting older, and may not be being maintained effectively. This is a typical effect of placing, one, health care costs on a single party and, two, in the hands of elected officials. Often the budget doesn't allow for many of the things that are required by the Ministry of Health, or the politicans charged with making decision don't understand the pros and cons.All in all, I would not change the system, just amend it. Socialism (one of the governing philosophies in Canadian politics), allows for the freedom of the individual while taking care of the needs of the community. Any person in the Province of Ontario (for example) has the right to education, health care, etc... And the province provides these rights to the province. Education is free until Grade 12, and Health Care is almost always free.	FAVOR
4020	healthcare	The penalty for not having insurance in MA is about $900, and it's actually cheaper to pay the fee than to pay for the insurance. I know individuals who have paid the penalty rather than spend more for the actual coverage. I find that incredibly depressing. Socialist countries such as Denmark are incredibly expensive and the average Dane pays about 51% of his/her paycheck in taxes, but look at the Danes: they're healthy and well tended, have a very high standard of living. In another thought, if our taxes actually went somewhere, went where they were supposed to, I don't see why we couldn't pay for health care or for our university system. Every European I have met scoffs and is incredulous that we have no universal healthcare and that we pay for university. And to further drive home frustration, I am one of those who then gets tangential and thinks about the f*ing war in Iraq and the other heinous government spending we've suffered in the last X many years. Big mess, huh!?	FAVOR
4021	healthcare	"""I am NOT enjoying the socialised and paid-through-taxes luxury of a highway because it is more of a parkway during rush hour traffic.""Then stay at home and don't use it. After all, you don't agree with taxes. Maybe you should spend a week not using any services that are paid for through taxation? That would be fun.""Nor am I enjoying the socialised and paid-through-taxes police that take more than an hour to respond to anything.""That because they're dealing with all the gun crime. ;-)"	AGAINST
4022	healthcare	YOUR HEAD A SPLODE	FAVOR
4023	healthcare	" Public insurance offers an option to uninsured and struggling Richard Kirsch, National Campaign Manager for Health Care for America Now! ""Three Reasons for the Choice of a Public Health Insurance Plan"". May 15, 2009: ""Sure, some people are satisfied with their current health insurance. But the millions of Americans who are tired of increasing costs and decreasing benefits should have the chance to opt into a program that will offer affordable, quality care, says Health Care for America Now's Richard Kirsch."""	FAVOR
4024	healthcare	Do you know at what time of day the polls were executed?The source fails to provide that data. I mean if they were contacting welfare recipients and the un-employed during daytime working hours I could argue the poll is biased.Polls have very little importance to me, when any.	AGAINST
4025	healthcare	" People should pay only for health services they themselves receive Why should one person pay for the health services of another person? With the possible exception of life-threatening circumstances; isn't it better that individuals pay for the services they receive. "	AGAINST
4026	healthcare	I debated about this with 2 family members who live in Australia.  They admitted that their system would fail miserably if faced with the U.S. immigration situation.  Australia tightly controls its immigration and thus there are fewer non-contributors (back into the system used by all) because there aren't as many as 30 million people who are either here illegally or related to an illegal worker and draining the system intended to assist legal residents and citizens.	AGAINST
4027	healthcare	" Public insurance offers a valuable check on private insurance Jacob Hacker. ""The case for public plan"". The Institute for America's Future: ""Public plan choice creates an institutional Ã’check and balance,Ã“ encouraging private plans to uphold high standards of quality, affordability, and access."""	FAVOR
4028	healthcare	[socialism]----------------------------2--1--0-------[capitalism] 0 = What I want ;)1 = Where we are now2 = What Democrats want	AGAINST
4029	healthcare	"Insurance companies insure the well; public plan insures unhealthy. Ezra Klein. ""Health Care Reform for Beginners: The Many Flavors of the Public Plan"" Washington Post. June 8, 2009: ""The private insurance market is a mess. It's supposed to cover the sick and instead competes to insure the well."""	FAVOR
4030	healthcare	SkipTN,You have the right idea that UHC would increase wait time and pressure on emergency rooms, etc.The solution to this problem is not to pressure insurance companies to cover everyone.  They would go out of business and then we're all screwed.The solution is to reduce the regulations already on insurance companies as well as encourage true competition for   health   coverage.  It's true that not everyone would have coverage. Health coverage would cost more for unhealthier people. Wouldn't this encourage people to take care of themselves? I would rather encourage people to do what's right for them than to force it with   taxes   on unhealthy   food  ,   cigarettes  , etc. while still paying for their continued (more expensive) unhealthy habits.  I also strongly disagree with the idea of a few people making a decision that will affect everybody.  If everyone was unanimous in this decision, it would have much higher chance of success.  The simple fact that people are divided means live and let live.  That is the basis of this country isn't it?	AGAINST
4031	healthcare	Selfish, where is your evidence that the free market will make things better? Put some facts before us, please.	FAVOR
4032	healthcare	I think you have it backwards. Healthcare in this country costs so much because of the profit motive of the capitalist system it operates within, not because of universal healthcare. You can't use existing prices as an argument against universal healthcare when the existing prices were caused by the private system and not a universal one. And your argument about the working class makes no sense at all. The working class is the group most likely not to have health insurance and the most likely to lose everything were they to get sick. The working class would stand to benefit most from universal healthcare, not the other way around.Finally, the greed of the pharmaceutical companies and the insurance companies can be brought under control pretty easily through UH. In such a system the government would be able to bargain drug prices and lower them with impugnity, as it is by far the largest customer on the market. There is a reason drug prices are so high in the U.S. and so low in other countries with Universal Healthcare.	FAVOR
4033	healthcare	Not when failing to address the cause leads to unhappy customers, unhappy customers that look to other healthcare companies. Yay for king campitalism :)	FAVOR
4034	healthcare	" Public insurance option has lower administrative costs Robert Reich. ""Why critics of a public option for healthcare are wrong"". Salon. June 24, 2009: ""[the critics say] the public plan starts off with an unfair advantage because it's likely to have lower administrative costs. That may be true -- Medicare's administrative costs per enrollee are a small fraction of typical private insurance costs -- but here again, why exactly is this unfair? Isn't one of the goals of healthcare cost containment to lower administrative costs? If the public option pushes private plans to trim their bureaucracies and become more efficient, that's fine."""	FAVOR
4035	healthcare	One, government (especially in a country like ours) sucks at taking care of the people. Do you really want the Doctor's office to be like the DMV? Do you want to be FORCED to get something done just cause the government papers says you should. Hmm, you're gonna have to get a prescription for this because you have this. yes, the side effects suck, but if you get too sick we'll have to pay a lot more. Deal with it.Not only will it be ineffective, it'll be taking away our rights as a whole. We already have medicaid for the poor, do we really have to create Universal Health Care when the numbers don't even add up?	AGAINST
4036	healthcare	Universal healthcare presents an opportunity for the health of all it's citizens. This, in my personal view is what a good government should really aim to do.	FAVOR
4037	healthcare	You make a very good point but that is ot what I meant. In the scenario that I envision that would change too. Right now the employer pays the employment tax (not the employee). If they fire someone, the money is used to pay for that person until they get another job. The employer's tax goes up for some period of time with each person they fire. Any money the laid off employee gets is free money. Under the system I envision, the amount of tax paid by the employer is decreased because it gets replenished by the employee.	FAVOR
4038	healthcare	CBO estimates that the combination of provisions included in the amendment would reduce average private health insurance premiums per enrollee in the United States relative to what they would be under current law. The average reductions would be larger in the markets for small group and individually purchased policies, Where did you pull this from? Because that is not what they said i just heard there report and it was the complete apposite. I want to ask because I don't know but did they leave in the plan that if business keeps their private health insurance that they will have to pay an 8% penalty for not going to the government plan. I know that is was in the beginning?	AGAINST
4039	healthcare	" A public insurance plan can spearhead quality improvements Jacob Hacker. ""The case for public plan"". The Institute for America's Future: ""over the last generation, public insurance has pioneered new payment and quality-improvement methods that have frequently set the standard for private plans. More important, it has the potential to carry out these vital tasks much more effectively in the future, using information technology, large databases of practices and outcomes, and new payment approaches and care-coordination strategies. Indeed, a new public plan could spearhead improvement of existing public programs as well as private plans."""	FAVOR
4040	healthcare	" Universal health care can't be reversed even if costs explode Universal health care, like any government benefit, is eventually going to be interpreted as a ""right"" by the public, making it politically impossible to curtail the program when it becomes too costly. "	AGAINST
4041	healthcare	 You should have to work for your stuff.	AGAINST
4042	healthcare	"Being a poor student sucks. I agree, I know the pain, my   student loans   speak for themselves. But you ask a valid question. Why should we pay for something we don't ourselves use? This, unfortunately for us as individuals, is just sort of the way things work out.The higher   taxes   thing is debatable. It's not so much about country charges the highest percentage of   income   on average per citizen, you also have to take what's provided into account. France is often cited as high tax hell. So take your taxes, but   add   this stuff to them. The cost of   health care  . The cost of university--whatever one you can get into, even Yale or Princeton. Maternity leave for a year. Two weeks paid vacation a year. So if we added all of that stuff onto what you pay in taxes, you'd find that you actually don't pay as much for what you get as a french person does.Now, you can argue against UHC on two fronts, it seems to me. The first is practical, or ""This plan won't work!"". The second is ideological, be that ""This is immoral"" or ""This is Unamerican"" or what have you. I think you're trying to take the latter side. So my question is, how is this different than, say, the fire department or the army? I've never needed to call either of those in to rescue\invade something. I spend much, much more on those than I do on health care. How is that fair?"	FAVOR
4043	healthcare	"There's no such thing as altruism.  Everyone is selfish.  It doesn't matter if they're doing things supposedly for someone else...  it's always done out of self-interest.  Always.Anything done that is ""altruistic"" is done for the individual doing the act because it will benefit that person. But you wouldn't know that because you're so up Ayn Rand's ass....  she's a second rate philosopher anyway.  Excellent writer, though."	FAVOR
4044	healthcare	"""....thanks, but that's not communism. It's a distortion."" It's okay, other people have tried to insist the same thing. If I supported a type of   society   which killed millions I would probably say the same thing. The main advantage the authors of this book had over others is that they had full access to KGB archives, among other things.""How many people died under the distortion of capitalism? I don't know... but quite a lot.""Probably had nothing to do with capitalism though, I'm pretty sure of that. ""People still do because ""capitalism"" supports ""communism"".""How so???""Or, maybe you haven't noticed that production has all but ceased here and has been moved to places where profit is maximized but at a human cost?""Ah yes, that human cost. That horrible cost of giving people an incentive to produce more leading to more compensation and soon more innovation.""Now... it's a common idea that there's no such thing as altruism. It's an argument. That's all..... and it's a very easy argument to make and a hard one to argue against.""It's easy to argue against, but convincing someone who is convinced no such thing exists is indeed a challenge (QED). ""But what about Mother Theresa?... but what about some regular person? Greater reward.... that's why.""So the people who risk death for no compensation are doing it for some random award? Why so?""Mother Theresa did all those things because of the ultimate, and purely selfish act of getting into heaven.""Why go through all the trouble that she went through if she could have just as easily achieved the same means without the hassle of helping complete strangers?""It doesn't mean you don't appreciate human life.... but acting in self-interest is the reason behind most actions.""I can agree with this statement to an extent. How a non-capitalist society can ""solve"" this ""problem"" is beyond me. ""I made my new neighbors   vegan   brownies because I want them to like me... that way they'll call 911 if my house is on fire.""Do you know FOR SURE that they will call 911 if your house catches fire?""Purely selfish.... but I do think they're nice people and I hope they enjoy the brownies (which were Not goopy, amazingly).""That's nothing compared to baking a chicken that isn't dry (at least for me it is)."	AGAINST
4045	healthcare	"22,000 people die a year?  Really?  Is the goal for this figure supposed to be 0?If he can't afford it then too bad. (I don't have   health care   because I can't afford it. You cannot use that ""but you're rich"" argument.)Forcing someone else to pay someone else to take care of you is not a right. I suppose I disagree ""with one of the most basic declarations of human rights.""  Does that mean you are going to steal my   money   through   taxes  ? In case you were unaware, the definition of to steal is ""To take (the property of another) without right or permission.""  (    )I do not give permission nor do you have a right to my property as is stated in the Constitution.  And yet, if I have a gun to defend my right to property from the government that is supposed to protect it, I will be arrested.  They will steal my freedom as well as my rights.""PS With a public option, the rich population of America could still get their pampered, expensive health care while the rest of the population who is not so fortunate could receive a free option."" Nothing costs nothing. The rich population of America will be paying for the rest of the population. If I were rich, I would move out of the country. Perhaps the US will copy California....As for your comments comparing the   police   with   health   coverage, there is a difference between protection from others and protection from death by natural causes. These cannot be compared."	AGAINST
4046	healthcare	"Costs are inconsequential if health care is considered a universal right. It may very well be true that universal health care increases costs. Yet, if we presume that health care is a right, then such added costs are insignificant; they must be born to secure the right of universal health care."	FAVOR
4047	healthcare	"""Well actually I can because my tax dollars went towards it, whoops. ;) Had my tax dollars not gone towards it I would have paid for the service, just like I'm doing now, whoops. ;)""I was clearly referencing my challenge to spend a week not using any services that were provided for or by through taxation. Without taxation, there would be no roads to drive on to get to work, there would be no internet to work from home. And you wouldn't be paying for the service because the service only existed because of the pulling together of funds. No matter how much you may like to think otherwise, you could not individually pay for the all the things that make your life the way it is.Your continued insistence that you could survive and build a society similar to the one we have without taxation is incredibly naive."	FAVOR
4048	healthcare	"This pretty well sums up the case against the claim that the healthcare ""crisis"" is the result of raw capitalism; clearly as mentioned in this argument from FIRM. As with LASIK competition seems like the only real way to drive down costs. "	AGAINST
4049	healthcare	 Yeah a free for all that is what we are all heading for, why don't you be the first to volunteer.;-/)	AGAINST
4050	healthcare	" Government-funded universal health care would violate patient privacy - Sue Blevins. ""Universal Health Care Won't Work -- Witness Medicare"". Cato Institute. 2001. - ""Currently, many Americans choose to pay privately for health services to maintain their medical privacy. However, a single-payer health plan would eliminate that option and all citizens would be forced to give up their ability to maintain a confidential doctor-patient relationship. Just look at what has happened with Medicare."	AGAINST
4051	healthcare	"Your comment regarding the government controlling health care, ""if only to keep costs down."" Which is precisely the issue. My familys health care premiums have risen from $700 a month to $2000 a month in 3 short years with no major illnesses taxing the system, not including copays and deductibles.My friends in Canada say that if you have a serious health issue, such as a lump in your breast, there is no waiting period. The waiting period so often referred to by people opposed to universal health care would be for voluntary surgery and minor medical issues that aren't time sensitive. And even then, as I understand it, it's not much different than a normal wait for a U.S. doctors appointment. In fact, my son just missed an appointment with his allergist due to a family emergency. How soon were we able to reschedule it? 32 days later... somehow I think we probably would have gotten rescheduled sooner in Canada."	FAVOR
4052	healthcare	" Single-payer systems make it harder to get care when it's most needed Delays are a common feature of single-payer systems. This means that, when a person is sick and most needs an appointment, they may be unable to get one."	AGAINST
4053	healthcare	What about the cost of living there?Are the hire prices off set by hire pay? As a child I spent lots of summers in Canada.	AGAINST
4054	healthcare	 I agree with you in principle.  In reality, however, doctors do need to get paid, equipment and supplies cost money, and the few nations who experimented with socialized medicine have had a mix of results.  I just don't see free for all health care happening anytime soon.  />   /> On a side note, if we consider medical care a free for all right then shouldn't food and housing also be free for all rights?  It doesn't do you any good to get your broken arm set if you're about to starve or freeze to death.	FAVOR
4055	healthcare	"Massachusetts health reform is a sham.The middle income cannot afford the insurance and the state is fining them.I am a 58 year old homemaker and cannot afford the insurance $600.00 a month with a $2000.00 dedutable.Americans are brainwashed by the insurance industry.Beware of ""nonprofits""who's bottom line are ""profits.""The media in Massachusetts will not report the truth on this law because they do not want to lose advertising dollars,The lawmakers are bought by the insurance lobbyist.The state of Massachusetts has made being uninsured a crime.If a resident does not pay the fines that is considered an ""unpaid tax"" which is a jailable offense.So will they jail the uninsured?"	FAVOR
4056	healthcare	"Costs of Medicare/Medicaid show wastefulness of public insurance. Gregory Mankiw. ""The pitfalls of the public option"" New York Times. June 27, 2009: ""The largest existing public health programs Ã‘ Medicare and Medicaid Ã‘ are the main reason that the governmentÃ•s long-term finances are in shambles. True, MedicareÃ•s administrative costs are low, but it is easy to keep those costs contained when a system merely writes checks without expending the resources to control wasteful medical spending."""	AGAINST
4057	healthcare	" Healthcare reform/regulation can succeed without public option Stuart Butler. ""The Case Against: The public plan will unfairly crowd out private coverage"". Heritage Foundation. July 28, 2009: ""There's bipartisan support for subsidies and health exchanges to assure portable, affordable coverage. Even the health insurance industry would accept revamped regulation to limit premium variation so that sicker people can get coverage. And we've made great progress in recent years with reinsurance and risk adjustment mechanisms to handle high-risk people. [...] A public plan does nothing to advance on this. It is anathema to many of the very people who are in agreement and just throws a monkey wrench into the discussion."""	AGAINST
4058	healthcare	Your honesty is a refreshing presence at CD. (I know your argument (main theme) is still valid apart from the poll retraction.)	AGAINST
4059	healthcare	We already give healthcare to anyone that needs it if they show up to the emergency room. I think we'd get a lot more bang for our buck if we simply treated people before they end up in the emergency room.Regarding rights, why wouldn't your analogy also apply to public education? I believe that investing in certain aspects of our society (education and healthcare are in that group) pay dividends to us all! 	FAVOR
4060	healthcare	" Insurance companies screen out those that need health care the most Insurance companies have a interest in maximizing profits that drives them to screen out individuals that are unhealthy, old, and ""high-risk"". These are the people that need health care the most, and the insurance industry has a direct interest in making it difficult or more expensive for them to obtain health insurance."	FAVOR
4061	healthcare	 Yes. Health care is not a privilege, it is a right. In the USA, everything is a commodity, including the precious gift of good health. That's disgusting. I'm so glad I live in Britain.	FAVOR
4062	healthcare	" Most investment in medical innovation does not come from companies Private companies make up a smaller portion of the total investment in medical innovation. This means that a single-payer health care system would not see a major reduction in funding for medical innovation. Depending on how the system is designed, it could even see an increase in such investment."	FAVOR
4063	healthcare	"Public insurance makes workers healthier and more productive. A public insurance option will guarantee universal coverage, and will ensure that people with medical conditions receive the preventive care they need, which saves money in long-term health care costs. And, by ensuring that individuals do not fall ill or victim to being uninsured, a public insurance option will ensure that individuals stay economically productive. "	FAVOR
4064	healthcare	" Public insurance would destroy private insurance industry Karl Rove. ""How to Stop Socialized Health Care"" Wall Street Journal. June 11, 2009: ""government-run health insurance would crater the private insurance market, forcing most Americans onto the government plan. The Lewin Group estimates 70% of people with private insurance -- 120 million Americans -- will quickly lose what they now get from private companies and be forced onto the government-run rolls as businesses decide it is more cost-effective for them to drop coverage. They'd be happy to shift some of the expense -- and all of the administration headaches -- to Washington. And once the private insurance market has been dismantled it will be gone."""	AGAINST
4065	healthcare	" High US health care costs are not attributable to premiums for rapid care"	FAVOR
4066	healthcare	 He doesn't have a health care plan. I would probably be for it if he did.	AGAINST
4067	healthcare	" Public insurance would not kill the private insurance industry Probably the best evidence of this is found abroad in places such as France, where both public and private health insurance options exist in a hybrid system. This system is rated the best health care in the world, and the private health insurance industry there is doing very well, and filling an important premium market beyond basic government insurance. "	FAVOR
4068	healthcare	"Based on our previous conversations, I am entirely convinced that you do not appreciate my sense of humor.But that's OK because that's your role as a woman.In other words, in order to be funny, you need to be able to see the humor in things. For example, if men are practicing with their bows and arrows and one of them gets shot in the ass, the other men will spill their beer laughing while a woman runs up screaming, ""Oh my God! Call 911, get me a band-aid quick!"" which only makes the men laugh even more. This is an evolutionary advantage because if women didn't take things seriously, we would become extinct. I mean, women are pretty much responsible for nurturing and preserving the species. Someone has to be the responsible adult. ;)"	AGAINST
4069	healthcare	"Public health insurance creates two-tiered system/choice. Ronald Bailey. ""The beginning of the end of private health insurance"". Reason. June 9, 2009: ""The best result of creating a parallel public insurance scheme is that the United States would end up with an explicit two-tier medical system in which privately insured Americans have better access to better medical care. Such two-tier health care systems already exist in countries with national health care schemes such as the United Kingdom and Germany. In the United Kingdom, more and more Britons are opting for private health insurance instead of remaining with that country's National Health Service. Privately insured Americans would get higher quality health care, but because the market for medical innovation would be smaller, everybody will get worse care than they would otherwise have received had most health care not been nationalized."""	AGAINST
4070	healthcare	"Where is your argument that healthcare is a right? This is just an assertion. A right is the freedom to act not entitlement to the work of others. You have the right to speak without interference, the right to own property, etc.; you do not have the right to a house, a job, plastic surgery or a filling. Such values are created by others and are to be obtained only by voluntary trade. Entitlement ""rights"" such the ""right"" to healthcare make slaves of those who are forced to provide the entitlements. A ""right to enslave"" is nonsensical and immoral. Not only is a hideous perversion of the concept of rights but it's guaranteed to fail. Socialized medicine is a complete disaster all around the world, the more thorough the implementation the more disastarous the results. I've lived in England's socialized system and you'd get better care at a veterinarian in the US. If you think the partially socialized medicine in the US is bad now, wait until the ""universal"" socialists get their hands on it."	AGAINST
4071	healthcare	And this Social Solidarity is chosen for us by the Congress and President, who will tell us, who can recieve what care, when and how.After which, will come the choice of physicians (mostly GPs. who will be told what kind of care can be given, by those   doctors   who are still practicing   medicine  . There is a shortage of medical personnel now and when you begin to tell a doctor how he can treat a patient, if he can treat a patient, and how long it will take to fit the patient in, by the government, doctors who take the HIpocratic oath seriously, will just give up and find a different line of work.  It isn't as though they aren't sufficiently educated to do any other work they might try.	AGAINST
4072	healthcare	"""5 We both know and agree that Australia, Canada and the UK have greater life expectancies than the USA.6 We both know and agree that Australia, Canada and the UK have universal health schemes and the USA does not.""See the above point.""7 We also know that the proportion of GDP spent on health care in these three countries is lower than the United States. However, we disagree about whether this is a reliable comparison.""See the first point, and see this article:     GDP is a GROSS measurement, and as seen in the above article Canadian systems SPEND less than US systems yet this doesn't even prevent them from COSTING less. ""8 You assert that the differences in life expectancy have ""probably"" nothing to do with health care. However, you have not provided one shred of evidence for this claim.""Your rehashing your argument from point number 4. In that case, see my response to that point you raised. ""I have presented evidence for my opinion. You have presented no evidence for yours.""1. I pointed out that you missed the context of my ""deep left"" comment completely. You said I directed it at Canada and other nations with UHC, when in reality I was directing it at you. 2. I explained why GDPs with each nation are GROSS measurements and thus would need to be adjusted for different sizes in economies before you can draw conclusions.3. I've pointed out several times already that the tiny 2-year difference you keep touting is not only to little to call for scrapping out entire system but also have pointed out that in no instance have you ever offset other factors of a given nation that affect life expectancy which include dietary choices, how active the typical American lifestyle is, crime rates (like murder), accidental deaths (car crashes for instance), you name it. Despite the fact that all these need to be taken into account you INSIST that your precious 2-year difference justifies the government takeover of our entire healthcare system. 4. In spite of all those points mentioned above, including the links and references I have provided in other comments (like this one:     ), you continue to say I have provided no evidence whatsoever of my claims. I will let the hypocrisy of that statement speak for itself.   "	AGAINST
4073	healthcare	" Public plan counters insurance company efforts to deny claims Ezra Klein. ""Health Care Reform for Beginners: The Many Flavors of the Public Plan"" Washington Post. June 8, 2009: ""[Insurance industry] employs platoons of adjusters whose sole job is to get out of paying for needed health care services that members thought were covered."""	FAVOR
4074	healthcare	Not everyone treated at the emergency room has an actual emergency.  That's part of the problem.It does not follow that just because something benefits society that it must be coercively mandated by the government.  If that argument holds water for you then I'd suggest reading up the utilitarian arguments for capitalism and the free market.	AGAINST
4075	healthcare	" Universal health care reduces administrative costs (i.e. paper work) Medical professionals are often challenged with massive amounts of paperwork in private health care systems. A universal health care system will help coordinate and reduce paperwork, allowing doctors to concentrate on treating patients. A single payer system could save $286 billion a year in overhead and paperwork. Administrative costs in the US health care system are estimated to be substantially higher than in other countries and than in the public sector in the US: one estimate put the total administrative costs at 24 percent of US health care spending."	FAVOR
4076	healthcare	It is time for Universal health care for several reasons.1. It will grow the economy, by letting consumers and business keep more of their money that goes to pay health care premiums which amounts to a hidden tax.2. Americans shouldn't have to be forced to lose everything they worked their entire life for just because they got sick, and cannot afford to pay their hospital bill.3. Every other industrialized nation has it, which puts our business at a disadvantage.4. In the current system, those of us who have health care insurance end up paying for those who don't because hospitals pass the cost onto the insurance companies in higher costs to recover for those who don't pay. So it is already socialism.5. We spend more than any other country in the world on health care and yet we have 49 million Americans who aren't covered and we rank 33rd in the world in care. France spends about half of what we do and are ranked 1st.6. if it is done right it will be a system that offers Americans another choice in care, and provide competition for the private sector which should drive down the cost overall. More choice equals more freedom. And Freedom is what this country is all about baby!	FAVOR
4077	healthcare	 Yes after an initial payment of lets say a pound or two per visit.	FAVOR
4078	healthcare	"Inept government cannot run health insurance better than companies. ""The problem with the public option is that our government cannot run any program successfully."" Investment Watch. August 18, 2009: ""Social Security is broke, Medicare is broke, Medicaid is broke, the government is broke. And they want to run health care??? So we can look forward to another broke program with severe rationing of health care services."""	AGAINST
4079	healthcare	"You seem to feel that civil and political rights are the only ones that are worth being protected a la the UN International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. What about the UN International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, which includes the right to   healthcare  ? As long as healthcare providers are being compensated for their time in one way or another, how are their rights being violated? Under this reasoning, a person who comes into the ER is violating a Dr's rights because they owe them a care of duty at this point. How about this...If you don't want to help people who need medical care, then don't become a doctor. You have the ""right"" to decide to do something else instead. "	FAVOR
4080	healthcare	"You said: ""Again, I only see people on the (cough) deep left misreading statements and statistics.""I'm sure that's all you see. Now let's look at some of the things that you said.""I was directed that label at YOU, not Canada or any of the other countries"" Here you admit to making an ad hominem attack. ""[A]ny of the other countries you cite as having a 2 year life expectancy difference.""An obvious misreading. I didn't say this. I pointed out the difference in life expectancy between the United States, Australia and Canada. The gap in life expectancy is different. If you are going to preach misreading, please read carefully yourself.The difference between spending and costing. The GDP includes both private and Government expenditure, so I think this answers your objection. Please see     #The_components_of_GDP""Wow, 80.4 (Canada) vs. 78.06 (US). I feel such a small difference would have more to do with the nature of fast food America and almost nothing to do with healthcare.""Where is your evidence that America is more addicted (or less) to fast food than Canada, Australia and the United Kingdom? This is a guess on your part. Please present your evidence."" that tiny minute 2-year difference "" This is a curious value judgment. I presume that you pay for private health insurance. If so, I suggest you feel that way because you feel the difference doesn't apply to you.""You have yet to take those factors into account and prove it's just the UHC that gives that tiny difference."" As I see it, the difference in life expectancy is certain, and one of the possible differences is the absence of a universal health scheme in the United States. It is for you to show credible evidence that the lack of health care does NOT have a part to play."	FAVOR
4081	healthcare	" Medicare/Medicaid are not successes and models for public insurance"	AGAINST
4082	healthcare	"I am a former soldier, but let's just say for a second that I wasn't. Let's say I have been working for a company for the past 12 years and got laid off because of this recession we are in. Now I'm not working, but should I get the ""free money"" you refer to or should I go without because of the turn our economy has taken? I'm sure you are aware of the current unemployment rates. There are thousands of people who are not working from no fault of their own. Or should it just be the homeless that are denied. Exactly who are you referring to that you don't want to have healthcare sir?"	FAVOR
4083	healthcare	"The operative word here is ""free."" And thus the answer is no. You should either have to pay it back once you get back on your feet or do something for the government while you're receiving a check from the government."	AGAINST
4084	healthcare	" Many uninsured can easily afford it so should not receive sympathy A significant proportion of the uninsured can easily afford insurance. They choose not to get it for reasons other than their means (i.e., their laziness). "	AGAINST
4085	healthcare	" It is a myth that the uninsured are being provided for now While some argue that the uninsured being provided for currently with access to emergency rooms and social programs, it is false to claim that this is a substitute for these individuals actually having health insurance.  "	FAVOR
4086	healthcare	So I've been here for a while now. I'll happily tell you about exactly what socialized   medicine   is like. First of all, you get a card. It's got a number on it, and you have to give that number to them for everything.So I've had to go to the ER a couple of times. There was indeed a wait. It was very long when it was very late at night (about an hour) and quite quickly during the day (10 minutes). I had a CAT scan that I had to schedule a few weeks in advance. I had an MRI that I could get done within 3 days. Medicine is very, very cheap.There are free clinics in the large towns that I spend time in. I go in with any problem, and I can get in to see a doctor within an hour. If I want to go see my doctor, I schedule an appointment just like normal.Now it comes to the costs. 57 Canadian dollars a month, or roughly what my bus pass costs me.Feel free to move. The   citizenship   test is pretty easy.	FAVOR
4087	healthcare	Yeah....... It just wasn't funny.......You're very rarely funny........	FAVOR
4088	healthcare	 Health care, if possible, should be available to all, and is a more important right than education.	FAVOR
4089	healthcare	"Government may set one standard of health care, but it may be inferior. Froma Harrop. ""Canada's the wrong model for universal health care"". Seattle Times. February 28th, 2007 - ""Private competition also helps assure quality. Without an alternative, the monopolistic system becomes an ""uncontested standard"" that may be inferior."""	AGAINST
4090	healthcare	You just proved my point. I am NOT enjoying the socialised and paid-through-taxes luxury of a highway because it is more of a parkway during rush hour traffic ;)Nor am I enjoying the socialised and paid-through-taxes police that take more than an hour to respond to anything.If it's socialised and paid-through-taxes it is more than likely sh*t.Have a nice day ;)	AGAINST
4091	healthcare	The problem with   health care reform   is it is being treated in the   media   as a choice between Obama's plan or nothing. Being for reform then means supporting Obama.	FAVOR
4092	healthcare	Joe.. you disappoint me. For a smart funny guy who actually makes me smile at times your stance against NHC fucking pisses me off. Don't tell me it's about winding people up - cause that is fun, but I just can't find it funny this time.	FAVOR
4093	healthcare	" A right to health care violates the rights of physicians One cannot have a right to other people's services. Does a physician not have the free right of association and contract with patients? Why would physicians be forced to perform free or government-set prices for their labor? Why shouldn't they be able to charge market value for their services? Did they enter into their practices with the understanding that they would not be able to charge fair market value? No. They are generally service providers like any other that expect fair, market-based compensation. Universal health care would deprive physicians of this freedom to charge market-value by imposing government pricing on their services, almost certainly at a discounted rate. "	AGAINST
4094	healthcare	"everyone deserves the right to healthcare. Not because our forefathers said so because we said so..... It's our country now and we get to make those decisions. When I can't afford health insurance, I can't afford a doctor, and I can't just drive to another country to get some ""REAL"" care. WTF do I do. Well move to Canada and wait 3 weeks no thanks. Move to Cuba haaaaa....How about this, If America is the greatest country they should have the best Health care. if anyone can give all their citizans proper health care its the USA. Just like making your own self better you must look inside not outside. Quit spending money on other countries Iraq, Afghanistan etc. and spend it on ourselves. We have poor. we have people in need. When we make it a right it will be one it's as easy as that. Think before America there was no freedom of religion. We are the leaders and everyone is looking to us to fix the problem lets get off our high horses and actually do something."	FAVOR
4095	healthcare	Healthcare should not be universal becasue like many things in the world it needs to be earned. If you have more money you can get better insurance so someone that earns alot of money should be able to pay for better heatlh care then some bum off the streets.	AGAINST
4096	healthcare	" A single-payer system will not cause government to intrude in medical decisions There is nothing in universal health care that would indicate that the government would intrude on the medical decisions of citizens. "	FAVOR
4097	healthcare	 In an ideal world maybe. People's wages needed paying.	AGAINST
4098	healthcare	" Government has a cost incentive to invest in preventive care Paul Krugman, Robin Wells. ""The Health Care Crisis and What to Do About It"". New York Times Review of Books. Volume 53, Number 5 Ã¡ March 23, 2006 - ""The VA also invests heavily and systematically in preventive care, because unlike private health care providers it can expect to realize financial benefits from measures that keep its clients out of the hospital."""	FAVOR
4099	healthcare	" US is the only industrial country without universal health care "	FAVOR
4100	healthcare	"""You're absolutely correct. You exist solely on your own and in no way do you owe anything - not one single thing - to any other human being. You are an island. You have your own mind, your own goals, and your own life that exists in a bubble.""Sure sounds like paradise to me. I don't owe anyone anything and no one owes anything to me.""In no way is it ever possible that man survived by being a social animal..."" Oh, it's perfectly possible but this doesn't mean people persistently robbed each other when they were ""needy.""""...and in no way is society derived out of being social towards one another."" In a financial sense, no. Society is derived out of the voluntary exchange of consenting individuals. ""That would have been mass enslavement, and no one would have ever done it... because no one man ever needs another to survive.""I'm sure they do, but this doesn't mean I automatically owe to IRS money because someone else got in a car wreck, or got pregnant. ""There's no such thing as society and *if there was* it would only exist as a slave market.""Does this have any relevance to what Nigel said?""The essence of morality is to be purely selfish"" Definitely not. Pure selfishness is exactly what you'll get when people feel they are entitled to free stuff at someone else's expense.""which means that no one else on the entire earth matters except yourself; that is exactly what it means to always act in self-interest.""Other people matter too, as long as they pull their own weight and don't force people to do things they don't want to.""The values that man requires is not contingent upon another human being in any way, shape, or form.""It sure is contingent upon others, don't take from me, and I won't take from you is one such example. ""Society is evil, as is socialism, as is anything that forces any one man to have to interact with others.""Newsflash: People don't need to be taxed out of their minds in order for them to interact with each other. Pretty sure the market's success depends upon human interaction anyway.""Because you are correct, Nigel - you're an island with your own mind, your own goals, and your own life.""I wish that was the case for me. :( ""And might I point out that one of the arguments that is used against Universal Health is that there are currently waiting lines, rationing, and monumental incompetence and arrogant bureaucracy (glad you spelled that correctly, first).""Boy, where to start with that one....    /"	AGAINST
4101	healthcare	" Profit interests corrupt investments in medical innovation Drug and medical companies are driven, in large part, by the bottom-line of profits. Their investments in new drugs and medical innovations are driven by these interests. But, what is likely to make the most money is often at odds with public and patient interests. "	FAVOR
4102	healthcare	OMG you are just ignorant! Its not about being a child! Its about those that hit hard times! Show some compassion! You make everything sound so black and white, news flash......its not!!	FAVOR
4103	healthcare	"Use the correct words for what people are asking for and maybe the argument will simmer down.  ""Universal Healthcare"" is simply a politically correct term for letting the ruling political party decide who dies during the current fiscal year.  When the cost of cancer drugs is more than the economic return on the people who need them, the government will stop paying for the drugs and let the people die. Don't get too sick to pay taxes or you will be dead within 1 election cycle.   Look at England and the other countries that share our ""values"" and have made healthcare a universal right.  The government decides who lives and who dies.  Today, the British and the Canadians with enough money, can go to America or India and get what they need by paying for it with what little money they have left after taxes.  Most can't because the tax burden is very high to pay for this ""free"" care."	AGAINST
4104	healthcare	"SocialistBetty, you are a hypocrite in every aspect of the term.  I sought a debate and you responded with assumptions and unnecessary insults.  I hope you're proud.""Since you actually quoted me, it's funny that you didn't really grasp what I was saying. Wealth and power are kept in the smallest number of hands possible.""  I understood exactly what you meant.  You think the wealthiest people in the country are the greediest people in the country.  I don't have time right now to go find the statistics that I've mentioned but maybe later I will get around to posting the link.""We created this country to protect the individuals... all of them.... from greed and corruption whenever possible.""  We created this country to protect individual freedoms.  Each person in this country is free.  That means they may keep what they earn and do what they want as long as it does not impinge on another's freedom.  We did not do a very good job protecting from corruption because the government is full of it.  Accepting bribes, swaying voters by lying to them, creating laws for   unions  ... all corruption and out of control.  As for companies, very large ones may become corrupt obviously but without business we have no   economy  .  In general, most businesses supply a good or service without corruption in exchange for money.  ""We have no duty to protect the interest of private companies.""  Yes we do because private companies supply   jobs  .  Jobs mean   income   for individuals.  Without private companies, everyone goes bankrupt.""As   society   has gotten larger, why do you expect government to stay the same size?"" I don't.  I expect it to grow in proportion to the population to serve and protect.  I do not expect it to grow faster than our population and spend billions of our dollars to ""stimulate"" us.""The government provides FOR the people. People. You apparently do not like this."" What I don't like about this is that you say ""provides"".  I prefer ""protects and serves"".  The government does not and should not feed us like mice in a cage.  They should also not trim our nails and give us ""  health care  "" like house cats.  We are not   animals   because we can take care of ourselves (I can anyway).""If you're going to sit there and say that you think a child does not deserve health care because his parents work at Burger King and Walmart, you are disgustingly wrong.""  That's your opinion.  In my opinion, everyone has the freedom to work and earn more money.  It is not my fault they work for minimum wage or my responsibility to pay for other people.  I never anywhere said that people are not equal.  Everyone is CREATED equal.  What they make of themselves (because luckily we have the freedom of choice) is up to them.  As it is up to me what I do with my life and it is up to you what you do with yours.  A murderer is not equal to a doctor in my opinion because they chose different paths.  They cannot be treated the same because society benefits more from the doctor's life than the murderer's.Free market economy is fair and just.  Here's an article to help explain my point.      /""What a person does is not the question.""  Yes it is.  If a person chooses to contribute to society, they receive money in return.  If a person chooses to be lazy and do nothing for anyone else, they don't get money.  Another article, this one written by me.    ""The people you are saying don't deserve to not go into   bankruptcy   and lose their homes are the people you depend on. ""  Yes, they are.  And strangely enough, I would pay them for their service...  Except at the moment I can't afford to purchase their services.  I would if I had a job at one of the big corporations you so despise.... but for now I guess they're unemployed because so am I.  (I'm exaggerating a little, I am still in Grad School, so that's why I'm broke)"	AGAINST
4105	healthcare	The costs of medical treatment should be enough to scare everyone able to do so into getting   health insurance  . And for those who have a hard time getting insurance into taking better care of themselves with regular checkups. In many cases I'm in agreement with some other comments that we are responsible for our own well being or if we're underage then our parents are.But I think if we could get costs under control we'd be in a better position to consider the economic burden the individual would have to carry vs. what the government would have to tax us for. My professor's husband had to have surgery on his large or small intestine, I can't remember which, the thing that stuck with me about the story is that there was a $3,500 charge for a sterilized tray. Granted it was the sterilized tray the surgery took place on but how much of that cost is profit? At present I'm not in favor of what a tax for universal   health care   would do to my income or the lack of responsibility for self that it would promote. (Not everyone would be irresponsible about their   health   mind you. Most people are smarter than that.) 	AGAINST
4106	healthcare	" It is wrong to make more vulnerable people pay more for insurance The modus operandi of the insurance industry is that the vulnerable (people of higher risk of becoming ill) pay more for health insurance. But, this is unfair and contrary to the higher moral principles upon which societies should be founded. Society should strive to defend and care for the needy and vulnerable, instead of subjecting them to a system that punishes them for their disadvantages."	FAVOR
4107	healthcare	"""due to being indebted for life.""What do you mean?"	AGAINST
4108	healthcare	"""nothing is ever just one system and one system alone. none of them work separately. nothing may ever work except more than temporarily, for that matter.""I can agree with that more than anything, especially after reading ""I, Pencil"" several dozen times, then began to loathe central planning even more. As for everything else in your comment, you've lost me. Please rephrase."	AGAINST
4109	healthcare	"Universal health care is a legitimate ""burden"" on the tax payer. People pay for public utilities such as road and people pay for education as well. But do people who don't drive recklessly ask for money back when roads are damaged? Do people who send their children to private school ask for all their money back? We place this burden on the state because of equality of opportunity. No man should be denied the right to live his life."	FAVOR
4110	healthcare	"""See, I don't get that. You say everything the government handles is terrible. Why are you still here? Go move to Canada or something if you think the government is incapable of anything. Or maybe you're forgetting that for the past two decades we've been fighting a ridiculous war in the middle east which has been a constant drain on our economy.""How does the saying go? ""Democracy is the worst form of government save every other form of government"" Our government may be inept, but at least it is relatively passive in its ineptness. When the government becomes controlling and inept, then we'll see just how f'd up stuff can get. Go to Canada and you'll see what I'm talking about.""Lets blame it all on the government, no not the big corporations to continually screw everyone else out of their money. Yeah, sure it's the government's fault. They screwed everyone sideways THEY did. No, I'm not saying the government is perfect but I'm sure we don't have the worst record in the world.""Our government doesn't have the worst record in the world. In fact, our government probably has the best record in the world and yet it is still incapable of providing services to the degree that private entities do. You can blame corporations all you want. It is a popular and easy thing to do. After all, you don't control the corporation and so you aren't to blame. You do have a say in the government though. Do you really want to be to blame when our health care system crumbles at our feet? ""Lets blame it all on the government, not the media. God no, not the media. You ever wonder why they call this the age of apathy? It's a trend with countries that are more rich, people just don't care any more and they're being spoon fed the same bullshit story every day and being told that hope is useless(unless it's hope that there's a god, then it's totally cool, because everything else is bogus). The School Systems aren't failing, they just need time to adapt to the current state of mind the students in this country have adapted.""That has got to be the single lamest argument you can make. If I understand you right, schools have bad results because kids don't want to learn and that is the school's fault because they haven't adapted to that? Did you ever wonder why kids don't see the need to learn any more? Maybe it is because Obama has promised to pay for their gas and utilities and home. ""As for Katrina, I personally blame Bush for appointing that weirdo as the head of FEMA who probably didn't have any experience in that field at all. So yeah, that one was the people's fault for electing Bush.""You can blame Bush all you want, but I was there and I know what the response was like. At night, they had 5 miles of rescue helicopters lined up. During the day, those helicopters flew every minute they could, pulling people off of roof tops. The response to Katrina was astronomical. The problem wasn't the post Katrina response. Nothing could have been better. I saw it with my own eyes. BTW....did you notice you started out disagreeing with my principle and finished in total agreement? That's right, you agreed that the government is too inept to handle health care by way of admitting that the government can't handle schools, food safety or basic rescue operations."	AGAINST
4111	healthcare	" Health care is a basic human right or entitlement Health is fundamental to the preservation of all other individual rights. If one is sick in a hospital bed, they cannot be said to have equal opportunity or the ability to exercise free speech and religion. And, of course, one cannot pursue happiness if they are in a hospital bed. This is why health must be considered a basic human right."	FAVOR
4112	healthcare	" People have a right to pay more for better health care Froma Harrop. ""Canada's the wrong model for universal health care"". Seattle Times. February 28th, 2007 - ""There's also the freedom argument. People don't want to be told that they can't spend their own money on goods that would benefit them Ã‘ and who can blame them?"""	AGAINST
4113	healthcare	You might look at the 22 to 35 percent of the cut the insurance companies take out of the costs.Medicare runs only a 4 to 6 percent overhead.My parents on Medicare, get better care than I do and I spend over 16,00 dollars per year on insurance.I favor nationalized health care.... or at least a single payer system. An insurance plan is all about spreading the risk.  Private companies reduce their risk by disqualifying people that exhibit risk.  The people who need health care most are the least able to afford or even get private insurance.Yet, we all pay for the consequences of a decrepit health care system. We all pay for those emergency room visits by uninsured people.Or, we can just let people die.  We CAN be that uncaring.  We do have that capacity.Michelle	FAVOR
4114	healthcare	"Whether universal health care is a social good is inconsequential. Again, this question's answer has no bearing on whether a universal system can provide the level of service proponents claim."	AGAINST
4115	healthcare	Man, it's the government's job to protect the people. Universal health care would be a godsend in our current state.	FAVOR
4116	healthcare	Public spending is already 50% of health care related costs.  That means we already spend more per person than France, Canada or the UK does... in fact, only Germany and Iceland spend more per person than the United States when it comes to public funding.    So even if we assume the metrics you provided are actually related to health care, as opposed something else like lifestyle and crime, it simply doesn't follow that more government funding will fix the problem.	AGAINST
4117	healthcare	" Advanced care improves Americans' chances of surviving cancer The American Cancer Society notes, ""U.S. patients have better survival rates than European patients for most types of cancer.""[3]"	AGAINST
4118	healthcare	" Government-mandated procedures would reduce doctor flexibility/quality ""Should the Government Provide Free Universal Health Care for All Americans?"" Balanced Politics.org - ""Government-mandated procedures will likely reduce doctor flexibility and lead to poor patient care.  When government controls things, politics always seep into the decision-making. Steps will have to be taken to keep costs under control. Rules will be put in place as to when doctors can perform certain expensive tests or when drugs can be given. Insurance companies are already tying the hands of doctors somewhat. Government influence will only make things worse, leading to decreased doctor flexibility and poor patient care."""	AGAINST
4119	healthcare	" Competition in health care is generally a bad idea While competition can make sense when it relates to the production of goods, it is not good when it relates to dealing with human life. The main problem is that a primary means of ""cost-cutting"" is by skimping on services to people in need."	FAVOR
4120	healthcare	"Public insurance will be used excessively at greater cost. Walton J. Francis. ""Why a new public plan will not improve American health care"". Heritage Foundation. May 5, 2009: ""Excess Use. Then there is the matter of managing patient care to improve outcomes and reduce costs. Medicare spends zero on this function.[31] Private plans spend around 5 percent in administrative costs to manage care (second surgical opinions, pre-certification for hospital stays, and the review of preferred provider outcomes, etc.) and often save around 10 percent in reduced use of health care ser vices. Medicare's administrative costs look better arithmetically because the denominator is higher and the numerator is lower, but the advantage is again entirely illusoryÃ‘$100 in frugal care costs the private plan $16 (the previous $11 plus $5), while Medicare is spending $120 and wasting $20Ã‘$10 on fraud and $10 on overuse in addition to the $5 it spends on bill paying. Again, the worse the actual performance, the better Medicare's administrative costs appear as a percentage of total spending."""	AGAINST
4121	healthcare	"Do large numbers of uninsured give cause to universal health care? No, as it does nothing to answer how many would be without in a hypothetical universal system.  For instance, what if we knew that instead of 50 million uninsured, we would end up with 60 million uninsured due to additional inefficiencies and failure to predict actual cost? "	AGAINST
4122	healthcare	" Public insurance would not waste money on lobbying Signe Wilkinson. ""Unhealthy arguments against public option"" Philadelphia Daily News. July 14, 2009: ""government-paid insurance surely wouldn't be forking over the estimated $1.4 million per day that the health insurance industry is spending to lobby members of Congress to block competition from a government plan - and, with it, more choices for Americans. The army of lobbyists includes 350 former government staff members who - before they took the revolving door for a spin - worked for the very same committees that are writing the legislation."""	FAVOR
4123	healthcare	" Universal health care creates a big, inefficient bureaucracy The cause of this is greater bureaucratic oversight and more paperwork. This lowers the productivity of hospitals, and thus increases the costs for the same amount of work done."	AGAINST
4124	healthcare	...the doctor.	AGAINST
4125	healthcare	According to the CIA, Australia has an infant death rate of 4.75 per thousand, in the United Kingdom it's 4.85, in Canada it's 5.04 and in the United States it's 6.26.    Let's put that into figures that are easier to understand. In 2007, there were 4,217.000 births in the United States. At a death rate of 6.26 per thousand, that would mean that 26,398 of those babies would die. At a death rate of 4.75 per thousand, only 20,031 babies would have died. In other words, if America had the infant death rate that Australia has, more than 6,000 US babies would live. So whatever the reasons there are for the lower life expectancy in the United States, superior medical care of infants does not appear to be one of them.	FAVOR
4126	healthcare	Insurance companies aren't doing that. Medicare/caid, schip and other government programs are driving up the cost of health care. Do you know what happens when you take cost down to a minimum? Demand goes up. If you have a segment of the population getting nearly free product (health care int his case) and the rest paying for the product....guess what happens? Those getting nearly free health care suck up as much of the product as they can and those of use paying for it are forced to pay premium prices for the artificially reduced supply.	AGAINST
4127	healthcare	I am Fred my main fight is to end the War on US (drugs) and stop putting good people in jail for thinking they have freedom of choice. It is a little off subject for me but it is part of my plan. If you are aware and read you know our so-called leaders senate/house lie to us and waste our money and vote with the corporations that pay them through PACs (political action committees) having said that here is my plan. To believe in my plan you should first watch the documentary SICKO by Roger Moore. You will see how the Canadians love their system they can go to any doctor and pay nothing it is high quality universal health care. DO NOT believe the lies our leaders will tell you. Big money is paying our leaders house/senate through PACs to not have universal health care and it is the same reason as in the War on Drugs. Greed is the main motivator for both actions so do not listen to the lies see the movie and listen to the real people that have nothing to gain by lying about the system. They love it! My plan is to end the War on US (drugs) and save the money (estimated to be 100 billion a year) and the estimated 50 billion lost in tax income from sales of just Marijuana and pay for universal health care for all Americans. The estimated cost of universal health care is 70 billion so we would have 80 billion left over. So if you take the wrong legal drug you can go to the doctor and get help not thrown in jail to be raped and have you future life destroyed by our greedy out of control so called leader house/senate. We will not conform to a War conceived of racism perpetuated by greed and supported by lies. The War on US (drugs) must end and get free health care for all at no extra cost. LEGALIZE*REGULATE*TAX  quit putting our children, mothers, fathers, yes even grandparents in jail for exercising a constitutional right that was stolen 70 years ago!	FAVOR
4128	healthcare	Women usually only laugh at guys they like.. Sorry Joe. _________________	AGAINST
4129	healthcare	i don't know but if there right how we will kiss your feet. But if what they say about it is wrong then we will go deeper into debt and a bigger recession. I don't see how this is going to make health care less expensive.	AGAINST
4130	creation	So...we don't teach religion in a science class.	AGAINST
4131	creation	--LandonEvolutionary science may have progressed but it has not explained the evolution of man, or history.--Neither has the eonic effect really, which at best seems to be a descriptive approach to historical events. Nevertheless, all of this depends on what one means by the 'evolution of man'. Science has uncovered a vast amount of fossils and other evidence that show how man evolved form a common ancestor. Does this explain all the aspects of human evolution? I doubt it.--LandonThe presumption that biology explains the emergence of man is great.It needs a new understanding--Why?	AGAINST
4132	creation	Then why does this argument always seem to come from the creationists?  AiG was not founded, and is not funded by the Scientific community.I also question your use of the term 'anti-Christian'... Supporters of the ToE are not anti-Christian, most don't care what Christians believe as long as they don't try and push it into the realm of Science.	AGAINST
4133	creation	"""LetÃ•s look at this: to counter the malarial parasite (presumably, another creation of this benevolent Intelligent Designer), a Designer tinkers over the millennia with our genes to confer partial immunity, but with the side-effect of lethal sickle-cell disease. Way to go!""Uhhhh.... dude, that's the product of evolutionary processes you're talking about there, and I think you agree they're nothing to brag about. ""Where is Ralph Nader when you really need him?""Screw him. Where is Ron Paul when you REALLY need him?""Surely, the imperfect nature of the mechanism here is what we would expect as 'work in progress' from natural selection rather than design?""It's definitely what we would expect from evolutionary processes. This is not a feature we attribute to design."	FAVOR
4134	creation	--TJ: Again, only valid if you trust Judge Jones, and Judge Jones is really only the ACLU in disguise because of how much he copied from them. The ACLU is anti-religion for the most part, although, to their credit, once in a great while, they will take up the cause of a religious person.--You seem to be ill informed but worse, you seem to have fallen victim of the DI propaganda.That's to bad.	AGAINST
4135	creation	"Your argument breaks down if your audience rejects the notion that Adam was created ex nihilo with the ""appearance of age."" Did Adam have liver spots? Scars? Any accumulation of chemical byproducts? A belly button? Memories of childhood? These are all not just signs of maturity but also signs of specific events that occurred in the past. Would it not be deceptive for god to create something with the artifacts of a fake history?Our planet and our universe are littered with artifacts of specific events occurring before six thousand years ago."	AGAINST
4136	creation	"The Bible is simply wrong if a literal interpretation is taken: On this question, the Bible just is wrong, and if you insist on holding a literalistic approach to Scripture then the implications you claim do indeed follow. However, there is no theological need to do this. The Roman Catholic and the Anglican churches, for example, have accepted the truth of evolution and they still hold what is a recognisably and distinctively Christian faith. If the authors of the Bible meant their creation stories to be taken literally then their claims are open to scientific test. It is widely held that they wrote stories designed to account for the world as they knew it, and by todays standards these could not be held up as scientific accounts. "	AGAINST
4137	creation	 Did you really just say that no scientist can support evolution?  The theory of evolution came about from scientific discovery, so your statement makes hardly any sense.	AGAINST
4138	creation	 Evolution is simply the genetic change in populations of organisms over successive generations. So are you saying that you are genetically identical to your parents, your grandparents, and your neighbors? Exactly how and why these changes take place is subject to debate I suppose, but to suggest it does not exist is just denying the evidence of genetic diversity you see, with your own eyes, all around you every day.	AGAINST
4139	creation	If we don't know then no one can say that a designer was not involved or not required.IOW thank you for demonstrating that critics of ID base their criticism on ignorance.	FAVOR
4140	creation	It is not entirely clear to me who you are inditing for being rude, so I wont attempt to defend them.I would like to respond two points you raise:1) That it is preferable to have a super-natural design process to a natural design process. I'm afraid I can't understand where you are coming from. I really don't see what difference it makes as to what process is responsible for designing us, what the goals, preferences, or attributes of our designer are etc.Can something be wonderful because it is made by this person in this location at that time? Or is it wonderful because of some property the object possess in the present time? In other words, aren't people wonderful simply because they are people? I have never met a person and asked myself: Was this one created by God? Because if this person wasn't then they just aren't wonderful anymore. I only want intrinsic wondrousness, not some worthless extrinsic wondrousness. And on your second point: Yes,   evolution   is in every single biology text book, just like relativity is at the end of every single physics text book. I'd like to know what you would think if a teacher presented three views for our creation: Evolution, intelligent design, and malevolent design. Can I tell students that life was created to inflict suffering on other life? In all honesty, should I be ALLOWED to tell students that human beings are the creation of a malevolent entity? By simply presenting arguments to support this conclusion I would be forced to advocate some form of satanism. Less illustratively, teachers do not have freedom of speech when teaching children. I cannot go into school tomorrow and tell all the children in the class and express political opinions. I cannot go and express theological opinions. (Children: pray to Satan. I'm sure I won't get fired for telling you to do this...) Teachers simply do not have the same freedom to express their opinions in the class room as you have in a public forum. I know you believe that ID is excluded from scientific texts because of its religious connotations. You probably wont believe me but nothing could be further from the truth. ID is excluded from scientific text books simply because of its lack of scientific standing. If ID researcher had productive scientific careers resolving longstanding questions of theory, then I can assure you ID would quickly be adopted by grant hungry professors everywhere.  To provide the most succinct summary I can: ID cannot be taught in a science classroom because no arguments in favor of it are scientific. Do not confuse philosophy and mathematics with science. 	AGAINST
4141	creation	So Luskin is accusing NCSE of being both anti-religion and pro-religion.  He can't make up his mind, oscillating randomly between his desire to call NCSE a bunch of nasty atheists and his desire to call them a bunch of nasty science-and-religion-are-compatible-ists (creationists hate theistic evolution probably more than they hate the atheists, because theistic evolutionists disconfirm the creationist view which is that evolution = atheism).  Um, great argument!	AGAINST
4142	creation	"""There is more than naturalism can engage.""And that's why it's called ""supernatural"".  But there can never be any evidence that the supernatural actually affects reality.""The problem is that doesn't view all of reality""Riiiight.  And just what part of reality is not in view?  The supernatural?  So what?""If we state, de facto, that everything metaphysical is out of bounds, then we shouldn't call it science, or at the very least, we shouldn't deceive ourselves that we are really getting at reality.""You wish to change the definition of ""science"" to include the ""metaphysical""?  That's silly.  The word ""philosophy"" comes to mind, but it's not science.""get at the core issue of intelligence operative within them both""Your assertion is not supported by any evidence.""God simply allows us""Your assertion is not supported by any evidence.""I would hardly call what the NCSE puts out as neutral in the matter of public relations.""Of course not - they are on the side of science, not religion.""good science will acknowledge its limitations and try to address them""Riiiight.  And how can science do more to ""address"" its limitations, than by simply admitting them?  Science is ""materialistic"" and perhaps that's a ""limitation"" and science admits it and you wish to change this in some way?""IN the meanwhile, the process needs considerable refinement.""Nonsense.  Science is the process.  How do you wish to ""refine"" the process of science?"	AGAINST
4143	creation	Instead this appears to be an abuse of copyright without an argument on Crowther's part.Too bad.--This is wrong: the Supreme Court requires the proffered secular purpose Ã’be sincere and not a shamÃ“ and Ã’[i]f the law was enacted for the purpose of endorsing religion, no consideration of [LemonÃ•s] second or third criteria is necessary.--Showing a valid secular purpose would have invalidated the 'endorsing religion' part. Why else would the DI argue so strongly that ID has valid secular purpose?Otherwise, given the religious motivations of ID, ID would never stand a chance in court.	AGAINST
4144	creation	To correct PvM's confusion:Forensic detectives have to figure out the means. Motives and opportunities also come AFTER the design inference has been made.That is what I have been telling you for days- That it matters a great deal to any investigation whether or not that which is being investigated arose via agency involvement or nature, operating freely.There wouldn't be a motive for a natural death. And in a homicide motive alone is pretty meaningless.And again the design inference is based on our current knowledge- that being we have an understanding of what nature, operating freely, is capable of and we couple that with our knowledge of what designing agencies are capable of.Why is it so hard for ID opponents to understand this simple fact?	FAVOR
4145	creation	"""They simply want to show that there is good scientific evidence for considering the role of intelligence in the emergence of life.""Unfortunately for them, they have failed.  They have no such ""scientific evidence"".""don't you think it would be wise to look at both sides of the issue""Of course.  And the so-called ""intelligent design"" side has failed."	AGAINST
4146	creation	Of course, ID has to move from its position of ignorance, to a position which allows it to be fully reconcilable with science, namely by arguing a position of 'front loading' which moves the design event to coincide with the Big Bang.Neat to see how ID proponents have come to move towards a more scientific position, although it does render the ID position to a status of fully religious.	AGAINST
4147	creation	" The Bible says, ""All will proclaim the name of the Creator and acknowledge him as Lord,"" I want to point out the key word Creator in there. We were never protoplasmic ooze, were were created by God in his image."	FAVOR
4148	creation	Ã’This whole argument is just using flaws in our definitions..   science   looks for 'supernatural' things all the time.. and sometimes we find them.. and they become natural.Ã“Science does not look for things outside of nature (Super natural) it makes an observation of a phenomena and (under the assumption that there is a natural explanation for the phenomena) attempts to produce a theory that can be used to explain the phenomena, and to predict when the phenomena occurs.Ã’The dragonfly gave us ideas on how to build a helicopter.... but our helicopters suck in comparison.Ã“How so?  Our helicopters are far more useful then the dragonfly.  We can ride in it and have them lift massive objects.  Also the principals behind dragonfly flight (and all insect flight) is drastically different from how helicopters fly.Ã’Nature is impressive.. man, not as much. (keep in mind I use the word nature.. but of course imply designÃ“Nature is incredibly amazing, that does not mean that the telescopes that let us see back billions of years are not also impressiveÃ‰ also, I in no way imply design when I use the word Nature.	AGAINST
4149	creation	"""Who designed the designer?"" is a valid and important point, and IDs fatal flaw.  Jay Richards argues that not knowing ""Who designed the designer?"" does not prove that there was no designer.  Just as design can be inferred from Mount Rushmore (his example) without knowing anything about who designed it or where they came from in turn, so the complexity of life demonstrates design even though we know nothing of the designer except that he/she/they/it exists.  Fine.  I agree that lack of knowledge concerning the designer does not prove he doesn't exist.  I only argue that by IDs OWN ARGUMENT (that complexity requires intelligent design), the complex intelligent designer itself MUST ALSO HAVE BEEN designed, leading to a near-infinite regression that Richards himself acknowledges.  Richards then argues that each person may have his own explanation concerning how the ""First Designer"", be it god, an advanced alien species, or matter itself (his example), came into existence.  But no matter how you explain the existence of a First Designer, the explanation must either hypothesize complex intelligence in the ABSENCE of a previous designer, or it must hypothesize a supernatural god that who doesn't have to obey ID's rules.  Assuming that you IDers are not hypothesizing god (which would make this a theological debate, and make ID creationism-in-sheep's-clothing), you must then be suggesting that the First Designer would have been complex enough to design the next designer in the chain without being designed itself.  Does your theory allow for the existence of a natural, but complex and intelligent being that was not itself designed?  If not, then we have an infinite regression.  If so, why not hypothesize that Man is that being, and that we just don't yet understand how its possible?  Sid"	AGAINST
4150	creation	"When there was a move to distribute ""Unlocking the Mystery of Life"" DVD to Australian schools, a few worried scientists headed by Michael Archer from UNSW, got together and signed a letter ""on behalf of 60,000 scientists and educators"". The headlines ""60000 Scientists reject ID"". There were only 12 signatures on the letter and NO ONE IN ANY OF THE ORGANISATIONS HAD BEEN ASKED THEIR VIEWS.The good think about being in a position of power is that you can speak for others instead of actually informing them and asking them to speak for themselves.To comment on whether ID has merit or not, it is minimally necessary that people be properly informed of the arguments involved. Instead of informing us, the NCSE keeps telling us ""ID is religion"" and ""Scientists think ID is silly"". How about engaging with the arguments. "	FAVOR
4151	creation	"Have you read the original emails based on which the conclusions were made?You do understand the meaning of ""a congressional report by the majority party"", don't you. So let's compare any of the accusations with what was established from the emails, and you will notice a very different picture arising.I told you, rely on the original sources"	AGAINST
4152	creation	"It doesn't need to be proven as there is no underlying math, (in physics there is).It is widely acknowledged as ""what happened"" and that is proof enough, it should be taught in schools therefore."	AGAINST
4153	creation	 There's really no way yet to prove it, BUT the precedence of the evolution of all other species including our own has led to a conclusion that we MOST LIKELY came from something else. We have evolved over the years, but what we started out as is still a mystery because we have no proof yet to claim evidence of our beginnings either way (creation or evolution).	AGAINST
4154	creation	"I didn't realize how crazy some people were.  I don't even know where to start on this one.  We'll start with your fallacious claim that there is only one reliable and true book.  You do realize that every book of the Bible, Old and New Testament, were written by people, right, not spoken word for word by the Angel Gabriel to Mohammad?  You also realize that it was the early Catholic Church that decided which books would be included in the Bible and which would not, right?  And even if the Bible were the only god-inspired book out there, that still doesn't make any human ponderings on it automatically false.  Otherwise this whole conversation would be false.  Just because a couple of preachers out there who can't validate themselves without attacking an older, more established, and larger organizations who you claim are ""soud"" and ""competent"" have two or three passages that could be interpreted as being negative about the Church if you squint your eyes and cock your head to the side a little bit doesn't ""prove"" anything, much less that Catholocism is a false religion.  The Bible itself says that the devil can quote scriptures for his own purposes.  Furthermore, the Pope doesn't and never has claimed to be a god on Earth, but rather to be a representative of Yahweh on Earth.  Furthermore, the Pope doesn't claim to be able to forgive sins, but rather cites Matthew 16:19, which reads ""Truly I say to you, whatever you bind on earth shall have been bound in heaven; and whatever you loose on earth shall have been loosed in heaven,"" to justify interceding as the successors of Peter and the Apostles on behalf of the one Confessing that Yahweh will forgive the sins.  And where does it say to call no one on Earth ""Father?""  Finally, who are you to tell people how they can interpret the Bible?  It didn't come with instructions!  If I think it has no religious value at all, but has a few nifty stories that I think are entertaining and have a good message, then that's my business, not yours!  If someone thinks that it shouldn't always be taken literally, and that it often uses metaphor, that's their business!  I'm sure your hand has cause you to sin before, but I bet you still have both of your hands.  There is no doubt in my mind that you have beheld another human and lusted, but I bet you did not pluck out your eye.  Surely the passage that prescribes such treatment of your body is metaphorical and hyperbolic, so why can't others be the same?PS.  Please don't go and cut off your hands and pluck out your eyes.  It would make it very difficult for you to type, and you amuse me way to much for that."	AGAINST
4155	creation	"""The debate here is false, because both ID and Darwinian/natural selection theory are inadequate.""Whether or not the Theory of Evolution is ""inadequate"" is not an issue.  The question is: Is it scientific?  Does it have a scientific mechanism that could explain and predict the ""tree of life""?But there is no ""Theory of Intelligent Design"" and it can never be scientific.The overall question is: Does intelligent design have merit?  The obvious answer is no - because it explains everything (every living thing is designed?) and yet it does not have any kind of scientific ""mechanism"" (like mutation and natural selection) that could ever actually explain anything."	AGAINST
4156	creation	Yes and no. However what about those who refuse to accept it simply because they don't want to. They don't truly deny it exists.. they just refuse to accept it. It's like ignoring a baby crying...	FAVOR
4157	creation	"Jay Richards says ""ThereÃ•s especially intriguing evidence of design in cosmology, physics, and astronomy.""This is the twentieth-century version of geocentrism.  It is no different than the medieval priest telling his credulous flock that God had blessed their fair city by putting the river and the harbor and the seaport right next to it.Intelligent design creationists are unable to fairly contemplate the reality of evolution, the adaptation of life forms to the natural environment, with the laws of physics and chemistry selecting successful traits.  The traits of the organisms did not - could not - select the laws of chemistry and physics - or astrophysics or cosmology.It is sheerest hubris to assert that galaxies billions of light years away were formed by forces that were Ã’fine-tuned for life...if the gravitational force had even a slightly different value, life would not have been possible.""  Gravity and other universal cosmological constants were not intelligently designed for the convenience of life on earth.  Get over it.Intelligent design creationists have even proposed that life is on earth because earth is not too hot or too cold, but, like Goldilocks' porridge, just right.  Riiight..."	AGAINST
4158	creation	" ""No scientist can give strong evidence to support evolution""?  /   /> Your dishonesty and ignorance of science proves you are not fit to even ask the question.  />   /> The big bang, abiogenesis and evolution were ALL produced by the same methodology that produced cars, televisions, computers, and doctors.  To reject evolution requires rejecting all the modern benefits of science as well.  Taking the benefits (e.g. Reading this on the Internet) while rejecting evolution is moral cowardice and hypocrisy of the worst sort.  />   /> Edit:   />   /> Dishonest arguments do not deserve respect or ""nice words"".  They deserve to be exposed for the lies they are, and as long as I don't use profanity or insults, I won't retract them.  The facts will stand up for themselves - he has none, and he is wilfully ignorant of the facts."	AGAINST
4159	creation	Your definition of faith is atheistic; it actually denotes the essence of the term foolish. Explain how any person can believe in something about nothing that doesnÃ•t exist. People can only know or not know of that which exists. If evolution is observable in the laboratory what is the name of the new species? Are you asserting that evolution is observable in controlled artificial laboratory experiments? Then, if you are, how is that evidence of evolution when it can only be evidence of artificial manipulation of a species? I thought evolution is a naturally occurring process, not a consequence of a controlled experiment in a lab. Allow me an opportunity, here and now, to describe in part my approach in answering the question of intelligent cause.The axiom of my argument: The laws of mathematics are the consequences of an intelligent eternal cause. No man or group of men can claim that he/they is/are the author of the laws of mathematics, for the laws existed before a man recognized them. We can however, fundamentally claim that man recognized by reason the known laws of mathematics, but never can it be claimed that man is the author of that which he has recognized by reason. The laws of mathematics existed before they were identified by man. They are eternally true. For example, 1+1+1+1+1100=1104 is true now, and is true thirty trillion centuries from now, and has always been true apart from time itself. This is an eternal truth for the equation is true apart from time itself. When there exists eternal truths that are only recognized by intelligence such as I describe there is an eternal cause of those consequences. And since mathematics is an exercise of knowledge and intelligence it is therefore the consequence of an intelligent cause.If someone would like to contradict the conclusion of my argument I offer an invitation to do so. However, the difficulty in opposing this view is that the opposition must prove that there was a time when 1+1= not 2. I have loosely laid out some of the evidence that supports the deductive conclusion that the whole of the creation is a consequence of intelligent design. And as necessary, I will add thereto so that my statements are understood in the manner I have intended.	FAVOR
4160	creation	Ã’I think this comes down to an irreducible complexity argument...Ã“So far Irreducible Complexity has failed ever time it was tested.  ItÃ•s validity as a Scientific theory has never been demonstrated.Ã’how many mutations would be necessary to build this simple defense mechanism.. they would all need to happen simultaneously (or as a stretch.. nearly simultaneously) to be effective.. and thus superior by natural selection.Ã“To reach modern levels quite a few mutations, however they built slowly over the past few million years.  The immune system did not have to arise simultaneously after allÃ‰   evolution   is a game of oneupmanship.One species develops defenses against a form of attach and goes on to prosper, while another species develops a new mechanism of attack that bypasses those defenses.  All this happens in a constantly changing   environment   where multiple pressures exist.Also, once a defense against one kind of attack has bee developed it is much easier to develop new defenses against a similar form of attack (once a species has developed a defense against one type of virus it is easier to develop defenses to similar types of viruses).	AGAINST
4161	creation	 I believe in evolution; evolution is the mechanism that some species of animals and plants use to adapt to certain circumstances do to the change. Because our planet is currently changing, some animals need to adapt to that, if they don't or are incapable then they can become extinct.  And It does exist there are animals who evolve from the dinosaurs age, like aligators, tortules and many others.	FAVOR
4162	creation	"--IslandContrary to modern and ""variant interpretations"" the Anthropic Principle was originally formalized by Carter as an ideological statement against the dogmatic non-scientific prejudices that scientists commonly harbor, that cause them to consciously deny anthropic relevance in the physics, so they instead tend to be willfully ignorant of just enough pertinent facts to maintain an irrational cosmological bias that leads to absurd, ""Copernican-like"" projections of mediocrity that contradict what is actually observed. --Let's see what we can track down via Wikipedia which is always a good start for any research--WikipediaThe phrase ""anthropic principle"" was coined by the theoretical astrophysicist Brandon Carter, in his contribution to a 1973 KrakÂ—w symposium honouring Copernicus's 500th birthday. Carter articulated the Anthropic Principle as a reaction to overuse of the Copernican Principle, which states that we are not at a special position in the Universe. As Carter says, ""Although our situation is not necessarily central, it is inevitably privileged to some extent""The paper references isCarter, B. (1974). ""Large Number Coincidences and the Anthropic Principle in Cosmology"". IAU Symposium 63: Confrontation of Cosmological Theories with Observational Data: 291-298, Dordrecht: Reidel.So the following part of Island's claim is correct""the Anthropic Principle was originally formalized by Carter ""--CarterCopernicus taught us the very sound lesson that we must not assume gratuitously that we occupy a privileged central position in the Universe. Unfortunately there has been a strong (not always subconscious) tendency to extend this to a most questionable dogma to the effect that our situation cannot be privileged in any sense. This dogma (which in its most extreme form led to the 'perfect cosmological principle' on which the steady state theory was based) is clearly untenable, as was pointed out by Dicke (Nature 192, 440, 1961), if one accepts (a) that specially favourable conditions (of temperature, chemical environment, etc.) are prerequisite for our existence, and (b) that the Universe evolves and is by no means spatially homogeneous on a local scale. --How to translate this or map this to Island's claim is more difficult. Carter points out some interesting points that the Copernican position can be taken too far, which leads to a dogmatic thinking. Rather I will approach the topic by quoting Carter--CarterMy own interest in this matter arose from reading Bondi's (1959) book Cosmology in which certain widely known 'large number coincidences' are listed as evidence justifying the introduction of various exotic theories (e.g. involving departures from normally accepted physical conservation laws) of which early examples were the 'varying G' theories of Dirac and Jordan. I am now convinced of the opposite thesis: i.e. that far from being evidence in favour of exotic theories these coincidences should rather be considered as confirming 'conventional' (General Relativistic Big Bang)  physics and cosmology which could in principle have been used to predict them all in advance of their observation. However these predictions do require the use of what may be termed the anthropic principle to the effect that what we can expect to observe must be restricted by the conditions necessary for our presence as observers. (Although our situation is not necessarily central, it is inevitably privileged to some extent.)---So on one hand Carter does warn against dogmatically applying the Copernican principle, I am not sure that the full description of Island can be found in this paper.  The anthropic statement for instance was in response to Bondi's book in which he introduced several coincidences which would required additional, exotic theories to be proposed, including departures from conservation laws. Contrary to this Carter argues that these coincidences are well in line with common scientific understanding once we accept the  anthropic principle"	AGAINST
4163	creation	"Using logic to apply consistent artistry to the mass of Creation, we may assert the existence of The Artist, Almighty God!  If we exercise faith toward God, by believing that He exists in the very manner that He says that he does, then we may logically apply His consistent Character, including His Artistic Signature in Creation, to all things that God, the Artist, creates.  If we believe that Adam was created by God as The Bible asserts, then we may, also, presuppose that Adam was not created as an infant since, of course, there would have been no other humans avaliable to have cared for the needs of an infant.The obvious need for Adam to be self-sufficient (along with the need for verbal communication with God during daily walks in the Garden of Eden, and enough creative intelligence to name all of the animals) would imply that Adam's creation required ""apparent age.""Using other words, on the day that Adam was created, his ""apparent age"" could have been anywhere from 13 to 30 years of age.Though these numbers may seem arbitrary, there is precedence for this range.  In various cultures around the world, a boy receives a rite of passage into manhood about the age of puberty.  In Judaism, the Bar Mitzvah marks the beginning of a man's participation in the Law of God as a ""Son of the Covenant."" Also, in the Jewish nation (it is my understanding,) that 30 years of age marks full maturity and the right to lead (if wise, as well) in the community of faith.To relate this information to the literal Six Days of Creation, (and the lack of the allegedly millions of years of evolutionary development,) is a simple matter of applied logic.If your world view can allow for the existence of apparent age in the creation of Adam (for multiple valid and utilitarian reasons,) then your world view can allow for the plausibility of the Earth being created with the appearance of having existed already for millions of years as well as having been created by The Omnipotent God in SIX literal DAYS!  :)"	FAVOR
4164	creation	The young earth creationist dogma demands that the obvious features of the earth's geology can not exist.But, we can see with our unaided eyes that there are rock features that could not exist if the young earth creationist cant was true.The young earth creationists are promoting a false interpretation of the Bible, and refuse to admit this.	AGAINST
4165	creation	NadÂge Philippe, Estelle Crozat, Richard E. Lenski , Dominique Schneider, Evolution of global regulatory networks during a long-term experiment with Escherichia coli, BioEssays, Volume 29 Issue 9, Pages 846 - 860AbstractEvolution has shaped all living organisms on Earth, although many details of this process are shrouded in time. However, it is possible to see, with one's own eyes, evolution as it happens by performing experiments in defined laboratory conditions with microbes that have suitably fast generations. The longest-running microbial evolution experiment was started in 1988, at which time twelve populations were founded by the same strain of Escherichia coli. Since then, the populations have been serially propagated and have evolved for tens of thousands of generations in the same environment. The populations show numerous parallel phenotypic changes, and such parallelism is a hallmark of adaptive evolution. Many genetic targets of natural selection have been identified, revealing a high level of genetic parallelism as well. Beneficial mutations affect all levels of gene regulation in the cells including individual genes and operons all the way to global regulatory networks. Of particular interest, two highly interconnected networks - governing DNA superhelicity and the stringent response - have been demonstrated to be deeply involved in the phenotypic and genetic adaptation of these experimental populations.---Wow who would have guessed this from reading Behe's descriptions.	AGAINST
4166	creation	--And seeing that PvM doesn't care about the truth why is he a scientist?--On the contrary, I have been asking you several times now: How does ID explains the bacterial flagella. Joe is right in one aspect, given the path chosen by ID, it may very well point to natural designers after all. But why call it 'design' then? As the supernatural is really the only focus of its 'approach' of eliminating natural processes of regularity of chance. What remains is either the empty set, or our ignorance or the supernatural. To understand how Einstein used the word religion you need to understand his position, otherwise it is just quote mining.	AGAINST
4167	creation	--MJ75--However, people do not do such things as design eyes or flagelli. --Exactly and the evidence supports a much better explanation as Nick Matzke has shown. However, ID seems to have mostly ignored these inconvenient facts.	AGAINST
4168	creation	"In the 19th Century fundamentalist supported the idea that new species appear abruptly, Catastrophism. Then Charles Darwin came along with his theory of Natural Selection and ""proved"" that new species evolve gradually. But it wasn't true. The fossil record shows no change for a long periods of time, then abruptly new species appeared. In 1972 scientist began calling this Punctuated Equilibrium. But Punctuated Equilibrium was nothing but a 20th Century version of Catastrophism. The fundamentalist had been right and Darwin had been wrong!"	FAVOR
4169	creation	"Theories are not supported by finding confirming evidence only.  They are largely supported by consistently failing to find disconfirming evidence.  Conversely, they are refuted by consistently finding disconfirming evidence.  Confirming or disconfirming evidence is determined by making predictions. On the condition that the predictions logically follow from the explanation the theory provides, failed predictions are disconfirming evidence and successful predictions are confirming evidence. Although it is clear that ID has led to some successful predictions, the best way to test ID is ultimately to derive predictions that logically follow from the explanation and never (or hardly ever) make failed predictions.Those opposed to ID must use ID and generate failed predictions even when the predictions logically follow from the explanation.  Predictions that do not logically follow from the explanation will not be a test of ID.  For example, stating ""If there is design in nature, then nature will be perfect"" contains a prediction that does not logically follow from the explanation.  This is because we have a wealth of experiences with designed objects, none of which are ""perfect"".  Another example of an illogical prediction is ""If the world is designed, then there should be no pain and suffering"".  This is because we have experiences of designed things that cause great pain and suffering.I would like to see real scientists do real tests of ID. "	FAVOR
4170	creation	"I know this sounds crazy, but in a weird way I'm honored to get a response from you. Is there any chance you could somehow send me the original drafts through email or something? I'm just curious to see the notorious ""cdesignproponentists"" (or however the hell they misspelled it) in the way it was originally used. Does the NCSE have photocopies or PDF files of the early drafts for download? I'll give you my email if needed.But seeing that you obtained the drafts do you also happen to have a personal set of early drafts from back when Pandas was under a wide variety of different titles (including ""creation biology"" or something to that effect)? "	FAVOR
4171	creation	"Imagine you found a grain of rice and you wanted to measure its length. Of a caliper, meter stick, and odometer, which instrument would you use? If by some stretch of incompetence you opted to use the odometer, you might conclude that our length measurement techniques are wildly inaccurate. How else could a grain of rice have a length of 0.001 kilometers?This is the same technique that AiG's ""PhD scientists"" use to cast doubt on radiometric dating methods. The isotope potassium-40 decays with a half life of 1.25 billion years, so it isn't appropriate for measuring very young volcanic rocks. The margin of error with that technique is millions of years wide. Likewise, carbon-14 decays with a half-life of 5730 years, making it accurate only up to about 10 half-lives, or about 60,000 years. Past that point, the remaining carbon-14 is far too scarce to make any accurate age measurement. Yet AiG's professionals admit to using this approach to date diamonds? Incomprehensible.As for the salinity of the oceans, AiG fails to consider any process that removes salt from seawater, of which many have been examined and documented. A full analysis will show that the salinity of the ocean is in equilibrium. The amount of salt entering the sea is almost exactly equal to the amount being removed."	AGAINST
4172	creation	I would like your oppinion of my remarks       and       	AGAINST
4173	creation	"Seems Highlander was somewhat quick in his 'response' as I am more than willing to support my claims. --Naming two well known ID proponents does not a citation make to support PvM's twisted version of ID arguments. I've asked for them repeatedly and he's dodging. What PvM still fails to understand is that probability is a measure of random outcomes. It cannot 'prove' design because it isn't a measure of agency. --I love the assertion that my version of ID is twisted, when it is based on the writings of ID proponents. Perhaps Highlander knows something we may not know?Am I dodging his 'repeated requests'? Of course not.Highlander asks for another cite--Okay PvM. Support that last one. Cite the literature which demonstrates how information and complexity are easily explained by regularity and chance. That would falsify a central proposition of ID. Since you said it would be easy, I eagerly await the citation.--As I said, this is simple and quite well known in the ID world. I guess that means that it would indeed falsify a central proposition of ID?Nuff saidTom Schneider, ""evolution of biological information"" Nucleic Acids Res"",  vol 28(14), 2794-2799, 2000.         /~toms/paper/ev/blog-ev.htmlKim JT, Martinetz T, Polani D, Bioinformatic principles underlying the information content of transcription factor binding sites, J. of Theor. Biology, Volume: 220  , Issue: 4   , Pages: 529-544 , Published: FEB 21 2003   Christoph Adami, Charles Ofria and Travis C. Collier, ""Evolution of biological complexity"", PNAS  April 25, 2000   vol. 97  no. 9  4463-4468 --Abstract--To make a case for or against a trend in the evolution of complexity in biological evolution, complexity needs to be both rigorously defined and measurable. A recent information-theoretic (but intuitively evident) definition identifies genomic complexity with the amount of information a sequence stores about its environment. We investigate the evolution of genomic complexity in populations of digital organisms and monitor in detail the evolutionary transitions that increase complexity. We show that, because natural selection forces genomes to behave as a natural Ã’Maxwell Demon,Ã“ within a fixed environment, genomic complexity is forced to increase.--Christoph Adami, Sequence complexity in Darwinian evolution, Complexity, Volume 8 ,  Issue 2,  Pages: 49 - 56 , 2002 --Abstract--Whether or not Darwinian evolution leads to an increase in complexity depends crucially on what we mean by the term. Physical complexity is a measure based on automata theory and information theory that turns out to be a simple and intuitive measure of the amount of information that an organism stores, in its genome, about the environment in which it evolves. It can be shown that the physical complexity of the genomes of clonal organisms must increase in evolution, if they occupy a single niche and if the environment does not change. This law of increasing complexity is a consequence of natural selection only and can be violated in co-evolving systems as well as at high mutation rates, in sexual populations, and in time-dependent landscapes. Yet, co-evolution, because it can be viewed as creating an increase in physical complexity across niches, is likely the agent of a global increase in complexity.--Richard E. Lenski, Charles Ofria, Robert T. Pennock, Christoph Adami, """"The Evolutionary Origin of Complex Features"", Nature (Vol. 423, 2003, pp. 139-145)        /"	AGAINST
4174	creation	"""So are we asking if a telic force exists or are we trying to psychoanalyze the intentions behind it?""Why are these two questions always independent?  I would think that any theory of ID that made no attempt to identify and analyze the designer was an incomplete theory.  Also, wouldn't a clear theory on the designer (intentions and methods) be very useful in determining what aspects of the biological world were designed, why they were designed that way, and which were evolved."	AGAINST
4175	creation	It's all a theory. Scientist don't have a clue when there trying to figure out how life actually got started. Another debunked remember Ida it was supposed to be the missing link and they gave it a huge media plug telling the whole world this is it. Well today they went back on it and said that it's not even close it was some kind of cat. Just like on National Geographic 30 years ago when they showed an ape like skull on the from cover only to find out later that it was a hoax, and it was sold that this is it. It has to make you wonder if there is a agenda behind it.	FAVOR
4176	creation	 People like you should be banned from this website. I'm not even going to try and penetrate your thick skull. That's all I am going to say.	AGAINST
4177	creation	 I think you will find that there is a vast amount of evidence for evolution if you would care to look. In fact, as scientific theories go, evolution stands out as being one of the most supported theories in existence, this is evident since it has fought off decades of scrutiny and is still accepted by biologists today - more so than ever. As i say, take the time to look and you will find. Also, i don't see much evidence being provided by the other camp.	AGAINST
4178	creation	" As far as evolution, god, and the creation of man is concerned, maybe evolution is an explanation of how and not why. Maybe god does exist and he set things in motion and evolution took over after that. If you argue that ""it says in the bible god created man, period"" then how do you explain the fact that we don't see human remains in the same sedimentary layers as many of the dinosaurs. If you want to believe the bible, fine. But you cant pick and choose what parts of the bible to abide by. If you believe in a book written by a bunch of ""translators"" for king james which contradicts itself about a million times, then you are as delusional as the bible you thump."	AGAINST
4179	creation	--Joe GNow you are just lying. I have stated that ID relies on our experience, which means it does NOT rely on our ignorance.--What experience do we have with bacterial flagella and the genetic code? Other than that there is a superficial similarity with outboard engines and 'computer code'. Claims of positive experience when inferring design may be valid with ordinary design, which is how real science infers design and agency, but said method is woefully flawed when it comes to 'rarefied' design for which we have no experience.Now, there is nothing wrong with using the concept of design with formulating hypotheses. After all, the heart was historically seen as a pump, leading science to proceed in a fruitful area. But here we should not conflate the usefulness with a scientific necessity or relevance. 	AGAINST
4180	creation	"no scientific evidence, of course. but plenty of mathematical evidence. mainly because the mathematical answer for Life or the Universe is Undefined. ID doesn't say God directly (anymore, unless you are a creationist who believes in ID).back to math. The existence of the Universe and Life itself is considered mathematically impossible. But if something that's impossible is happening, that would be illogical. but it's also illogical to say that the Universe and life within it doesn't exist because we see with our very own two eyes that it is happening. So how is the impossible possible? Intelligent Design may not answer it, but it does open our minds to the idea that things aren't always as they seem. The very fact that our brains are the rational animal kind, we see things, often, in irrational ways. Our perception, in trying to be rational, has obscured reality into matching what is logical. But, it is both illogical and logical to say that these obscurities are right.idk, maybe what pisses me off is the harsh reaction to the idea of ID. I don't accept it as truth because there is not enough evidence to support it. but when working it out mathematically and looking to philosophy, it's not that improbable.You're right about ID not being taught as a science. But, science teachers should be able to bring it up as a possible answer. My Chemistry Professor (who despised creationists) would sometimes answer ""God did it"" because he knew there was no answer for certain questions (like how and why). He was able to dissect the Universe and Life as we know it into the smallest terms, but he was still unable to answer the most simplest questions on why certain things did things."	AGAINST
4181	creation	"==Discovery Institute quote mines MayrWhat one actually found was nothing but discontinuities. All species are separated from each other by bridgeless gaps; intermediates between species are not observed. ... The problem was even more serious at the level of the higher categories.""(1)====He provides us with the link and what do we find? These are not necessarily Mayr's own beliefs but rather a description of ""The students of diversity raised some observational objections to natural selection. On the basis of the survival of superior individuals and the gradual change of populations, one would expect complete continuity in nature, they claimed""This seems rather misleading especially since Mayr outlines the objections that faced early Darwinism and the tasks laid out for Darwinism's defenders.I was thus not surprised to see how many creationist sources seem to similarly quote mine Mayr's quote.Let's see how I can track down some of the other 'quotes' and see how they add to the 'arguments' by "	AGAINST
4182	creation	" ""Nothing in biology makes sense except in light of evolution."" - Theodosius Dobzhansky  /   /> Those who refuse to accept the overwhelming amount of evidence for evolution are either ignorant of the subject matter or religiously delusional."	AGAINST
4183	creation	If the existence of a fossil record contradicting parts of the Bible then that does not disprove (in and of itself) the fossil record.  It would have to be challenged on it's own ground (such a an explanation of why the record dates are incorrect and a verifiable explanation for the fossil records existence).	AGAINST
4184	creation	      :arXiv.org:astro-ph/0507186Which link to such papers as the following which show that the mystery has not been resolved yet.--To explore the origin of these features, including possible foreground effects, we repeated many calculations using sky-masked data sets. The data shows evidence for systematic differences between the Northern and Southern regions of the sky. Masking out the galactic plane does not eliminate signals of anisotropy seen in the full sky studies. As consistency checks, the anisotropies of CMB plus simulated synchrotron emission contamination from the plane of the galaxy are detected by our methods in just the spatial regions where they are simulated. The observed anisotropies cannot readily be explained away by appealing to galactic foreground contamination. --Testing Isotropy of Cosmic Microwave Background RadiationAuthors: Samal, Pramoda Kumar; Saha, Rajib; Jain, Pankaj; Ralston, John P.MNRAS, 385, 1718-1728 (2008)and--Recent analyses of the WMAP data seem to indicate the possible presence of large-angle anisotropy in the Universe. If confirmed, these can have important consequences for our understanding of the Universe. A number of attempts have recently been made to establish the reality and nature of such anisotropies in the CMB data. Among these is a directional indicator recently proposed by the authors. A distinctive feature of this indicator is that it can be used to generate a sky map of the large-scale anisotropies of the CMB maps. Applying this indicator to full-sky temperature maps we found a statistically significant preferred direction. The full-sky maps used in these analyses are known to have residual foreground contamination as well as complicated noise properties. Thus, here we performed the same analysis for a map where regions with high foreground contamination were removed. We find that the main feature of the full-sky analysis, namely the presence of a significant axis of asymmetry, is robust with respect to this masking procedure. Other subtler anomalies of the full-sky are on the other hand no longer present. --So far I have seen few data that suggests that the data show that the earth is at the 'center' of the universe. A note on the large-angle anisotropies in the WMAP cut-sky mapsAuthors: Bernui, A.; Mota, B.; Reboucas, M. J.; Tavakol, R.Int.. J. Mod. Phys. D16 (2007) 411-420	AGAINST
4185	creation	"---Since we proposed punctuated equilibria to explain trends, it is infuriating to be quoted again and again by creationists -- whether through design or stupidity, I do not know -- as admitting that the fossil record includes no transitional forms. Transitional forms are generally lacking at the species level, but they are abundant between larger groups.- Gould, Stephen Jay 1983. ""Evolution as Fact and Theory"" in Hens Teeth and Horse's Toes: Further Reflections in Natural History. New York: W. W. Norton & Co., p. 258-260.----Part of the extensive resources at Talkorigins,         More after I do some more research, it's time to reject these arguments once and for all because they add no credibility to ID and they serve to do a disservice to these scientists."	AGAINST
4186	creation	"Evolution has never been witnessed...All observations are retroactive. We have observed evolution in the lab and in nature. That s, we have seen novel structures and abilities rise in diversified populations in various settings, whether it by nylonase in flavobacterium or cecil valves in Italian lizards, polyploidy in flowering plants, infertile and fertile hybridization in mammals, speciation of Drosphilia and Promonella among many, many other observed instances of speciationScience is constantly trying to prove the theory of evolution with suggesting that life itself was generated in a pool of amino acids and proteins by complete chance.You're mixing up theories. And there are no proofs in science. Proofs exist only in mathematics and liquor.The last point is the fossil record is incomplete.First, your understanding of the field, which you are discussing is woefully lacking. Two, there are thousands upon thousands of fossils categorically identifying diversification over time of various phylogenetic lineages. Third, there is no such thing as a missing link. That's just a media term. Every new generation of a population consists of physiological and genetic differences from the parent lineage, thereby becoming intermediate exemplars.We do share similar bone structures with other animals but there is no defined developmental line.An organic, DNA/RNA replicating, protein based, metabolic and metazoic, diploid, bilaterally symmetric, gilless, internally heated, coelomate, with a spinal chord, reduced olfactory system, lacteal mammaries, a jawed skull, specialized teeth, with canines and molars, forward oriented and fully enclosed optical systems in a singal temporal fenestra in an amniote skull that is attached to a vertebrate, that are hind-leg dominant, with sacral pelvis, clavicle, with wrist and ankle bones, lungs, tear-ducts, body hair, opposable thumbs, plantigrade extremities with an embryonic development, including amniotic fluid and placental birth leading ultimately to a highly social lifestyle based on a shared complexity in the frontal lobe, enhanced limbic system all connected to a reptilian brain, shared bi-hemispheres that help process language and spatial cognition... etc. etc. That's just the apes. Of course we have a bloody idea of a defined developmental line. Don't confuse yourself.Well, its just as faith based as evolution is.No. No. No. No. No. Evolution is not faith based. It is observed. And it is verified by biology, virology, paleontology, embryology, genetics, population genetics, genomics, bioinformatics, phylogenetics. it is evidenced by ring species, gene frequency change, observations and descriptions of populations in controlled settings and in nature. Endogenous retroviruses, body plans, homologous structures, basal features... and the list goes on and on.I for one believe that elements from both evolution and creation, working in tandem, is more likely that one or the other. But if I had to pick one I would say creation.Of course you. But you also have no idea what you're talking about. At all, it seems. And that explains fully why you'd go with the fantasy instead of learning about the things that make the world you live in tick. And if you just knew--simply knew--what you are talking about, you wouldn't have to go to some ridiculous, undefined, designer using undefined terms like ""information"" and talk about chemistry as if it's a computer program. Do what you said: research (IT IS SO ABUNDANTLY CLEAR THAT YOU HAVE NOT DONE ANY)."	AGAINST
4187	creation	He was a judge.  Not a molecular biologist...  why is it we have to argue things that are completely unarguable?  Of course he didn't understand the intricacies of the case for ID--- HE WAS A JUDGE.  Anyone claiming that he DID understand the subject matter completely is being intellectually dishonest - since people in the field itself have varying levels of understanding when it comes to the subject matter -- and they actually do it for a living...And to make statements about how Forrest had to deal with insults and snide remarks from the other side.... cry me a river - I'm sure you guys were nothing but saints right?	FAVOR
4188	creation	"The history of God's creation should be taught irrespective of it being considered ""science"". Why does creationism have to be considered ""scientific"" to be taught? Spirituality and God's role in creating the world (or even just the possibility of this) are all highly important to understand by students, and should therefore be taught."	FAVOR
4189	creation	"""Because, I hate to break it to you but   Christians   believe that the world is round, so does that mean you disagree?""But is a round earth inherently a Christian position?Also, Pagans believe that the earth is round as well... do you disagree with that position because you disagree with other beliefs of Pagans."	AGAINST
4190	creation	"--Einstein""It was, of course, a lie what you read about my religious convictions, a lie which is being systematically repeated. I do not believe in a personal God and I have never denied this but have expressed it clearly. If something is in me which can be called religious then it is the unbounded admiration for the structure of the world so far as our science can reveal it."" ~ Albert Einstein, 1954, from Albert Einstein: The Human Side--Seems Einstein considers the structure of the world as revealed by science the 'religion'. It always helps to comprehend the context in which these quote mines were produced.After all in the same paper Joe quotes, Einstein also remarked--The more a man is imbued with the ordered regularity of all events the firmer becomes his conviction that there is no room left by the side of this ordered regularity for causes of a different nature. For him neither the rule of human nor the rule of divine will exist as an independent cause of natural events. To be sure, the doctrine of a personal God interfering with the natural events could never be refuted, in the real sense, by science, for this doctrine can always take refuge in those domains in which scientific knowledge has not yet been able to set foot. But I am persuaded that such behaviour on the part of the representatives of religion would not only be unworthy but also fatal. For a doctrine which is able to maintain itself not in clear light but only in the dark, will of necessity lose its effect on mankind, with incalculable harm to human progress....--"	AGAINST
4191	creation	Jay,What makes you qualify as a design theorist?  Please be specific.-Karen	AGAINST
4192	creation	Do you Know that there is a God? You're 100% on this?	AGAINST
4193	creation	"--TJ10I don't believe the 91% similarity in the ACLU's submission and the Judge's analysis was a lucky or freak coincidence?!! I'm ill-informed because I think he copied it? RIGHT!---You seem to be ill informed about both the extent as well as the relevance of this so called 'copying'. Hint, judges regularly copy from the ""proposed findings of fact"" that's what these submissions are for.See         /2007/01/31/jones-luskin-and-text/ for why the actual number is likely much smaller than the oft claimed 91%Surprised? I bet..As to your other ill informed statements about the ACLU, I will let them pass as they have little relevance to ID. Needless to say, the Judge's ruling which contained part of the 'proposed findings of fact' submitted was instrumental in a ruling which was quickly denounced by ID proponents based on much ad hominems and far less an appeal to the facts of the ruling.Seems that some of the mud slinging has stuck after all."	AGAINST
4194	creation	So God is not omniscient?	AGAINST
4195	creation	"Intelligent Design is a dishonest way for   creationism   to try to appear scientific.  It's kind of silly when you think about it. Denying nature, the creationists attempt to replace   evolution   with biblical nonsense.  They pretend that some bodiless ghost is the cause of everything in the universe and conceal their beliefs behind a psuedo-scientific cloak of ""intelligent design."""	AGAINST
4196	creation	" Evolution is defined in Wikipedia as ""a change in the inherited traits of a population from one generation to the next"". You refer to the scientific model of evolution which is based on biology - can't see why everyone's jumped on the religion bandwagon by assuming that you are talking about Darwin's Theory of Evolution. So no I disagree that ""evolution"" is bad - and if you believe that it is bad why are you using the Internet rather than reverting to the ""unevolved"" practices of our ancestors?"	AGAINST
4197	creation	I agree with your definition of ignorance, but I feel that ignorance crosses into stupidity when those who are ignorant, but have the means to inform themselves fail to do so. As is the case with almost all American creationists.	AGAINST
4198	creation	"You're missing the point about the four rivers. A global flood powerful enough to carve the Grand Canyon from scratch, split one continent into seven, deposit miles of sediments... and yet four rivers remain on the surface near each other and identifiable by the same names. Just another miracle...Self consistency is not self authentication. The Bible doesn't come with a checksum.Nice avoidance of answering the question, ""How does Genesis help oil companies find oil?"" Here's the one perfect truthful book about the earth's past, and nothing in it can help a petroleum geologist??? How does assuming the Bible is literally true about a six day creation add anything to the observations of materialistic science? Every time they drill for oil, they are making a prediction about the past. When archaeologists go to a specific kind of rock to find a specific kind of fossil, as Shubin describes about Tikkalik, they are making a prediction about the past.Geology has a lot to do with evolution. We don't find plants and animals in random places in the geologic column, we find them in strata with a correlation of geolgic age and development. Plate tectonics unexplained by secular geology?? Plate tectonics IS secular geology!"	AGAINST
4199	creation	"""Specifically, the theory predicts that we will find large amounts of specified complexity in natural objects.""If that ""prediction"" really meant anything, then the ""theory"" might actually be a theory.  But since ""specified complexity"" can never be properly defined, the ""prediction"" is meaningless and there is no theory.  And since there is no theory, it's not science and all the other silly claims of the ""intelligent design"" propagandists are irrelevant.""Scientists then perform experimental tests upon natural objects to determine if they contain complex and specified information.(20)""Then reference 20:20. For More on CSI Tests:These kinds of tests were reported by pro-ID molecular biologist Doug Axe in Douglas D. Axe, ""Extreme Functional Sensitivity to Conservative Amino Acid Changes on Enzyme Exteriors,"" Journal of Molecular Biology, Vol 301:585-595 (2000); Douglas D. Axe, ""Estimating the Prevalence of Protein Sequences Adopting Functional Enzyme Folds,"" Journal of Molecular Biology, 1-21 (2004). One reply to the 2004 paper (""Needless to say, the grand pronouncements being made by the ID camp are not warranted.""):      The 2004 Axe paper presents a claim that random mutations of a particular enzyme are likely to produce an enzyme with much reduced activity.  In essence, it is a claim that evolution could not possibly work properly.  But, of course, the critics say that the study is flawed.""Intelligent design has scientific merit because it is an empirically based argument that uses well-accepted scientific methods of historical sciences in order to detect in nature the types of complexity which we understand, from present-day observations, are derived from intelligent causes.""Well, it would if it did, but since it doesn't, ..."	AGAINST
4200	creation	That is your opinion.The truth of the examples given, and those not given, these being: bacteria, viruses, prions, whether disease causing as in flesh eating bacteria or whether innocuous does not change the fact that what is being observed can only be described after the fact. That live virus forms are engineered and released onto the unsuspecting human population is no consolation to those viruses that never got a chance to get started. Live viruses only protect against one clad, are unstable, and vaccines generally contain co-contaminants that are a result of the production process. Another Case in point: pig farms. Overuse of antibiotics breeds new forms of superbug. What is really happening is that the bugs are already there. Those more successful, or less inhibited, become more prevalent in their environment. Does this mean that man causes all disease to begin with? Hardly.In the end Darwin said it best in On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection, or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life:Let it be borne in mind in what an endless number of strange peculiarities our domestic productions, and, in a lesser degree, those under nature, vary; and how strong the hereditary tendency is. Under domestication, it may be truly said that the, whole organisation becomes in some degree plastic. Let it be borne in mind how infinitely complex and close-fitting are the mutual relations of all organic beings to each other and to their physical conditions of life. Can it, then, be thought improbable, seeing that variations useful to man have undoubtedly occurred, that other variations useful in some way to each being in the great and complex battle of life, should sometimes occur in the course of thousands of generations? If such do occur, can we doubt (remembering that many more individuals are born than can possibly survive) that individuals having any advantage, however slight, over others, would have the best chance of surviving and of procreating their kind? On the other hand, we may feel sure that any variation in the least degree injurious would be rigidly destroyed. This preservation of favourable variations and the rejection of injurious variations, I call Natural Selection.	FAVOR
4201	creation	Here's some links to actual PASSAGES, something Nick failed to provide as requested.             Now where is that religious content again?	FAVOR
4202	creation	If ID is bait and switch, then so is   evolution  , considering that it's proponents tend to sell it off starting with the least extreme definition and just move on up from there:    I like the concepts Ayn Rand promoted. This is sad. 	FAVOR
4203	creation	AIG doesn't believe the geological data. They believe the world is a little over 6,000 years old!!	AGAINST
4204	creation	" I'm voting no based on the title of the debate and it's relationship to the explanation.  /   /> Evolution is true, is a statement that would be (it's usually stated as Evolution is a fact) and is debated at length amongst learned people who accept the substantial volume of evidence that supports the theory of evolution.  />   /> These debates usually revolve around the scientific definitions of truth, fact and theory.  />   /> The explanation that a belief in evolution is based on it being a very logical explanation is not good enough to claim it as being true.  />   /> There have been many findings regarding evolution that are fact. Certain processes of evolution are fact. This makes evolution ""true"" in a sense.  />   /> The unifying theory of evolution is supported by these facts and for all practical purposes is ""true"" but history has taught us that what at this time can be for all practical purposes ""true"", can later ""evolve"" into something that is more ""true"".  />   /> In the sense that the science of evolution has to deal with the idiocy of people refusing to accept any of the known facts relating to the process of evolution because they see it as a threat to their spiritual beliefs (which is ludicrous), evolution must be presented as ""true"", even at the cost of scientific definitions.  />   /> But that's ok...it's not like there's a clear and present danger of the scientific definitions being too watered down at the present time.  />   /> I just have to put up with the rape of the definitions used on this site by a few who use the mutated definitions in their arguments against theism.  />   /> Hizashi has to put up with the raping of Biblical passages used by some of the religious people on this site in their arguments against evolution so let the idiocy continue."	FAVOR
4205	creation	PT. 25. Irons defends Judge JonesÃ•s double standard on motives. According to Irons, Judge Jones rightly scrutinized the religious beliefs of ID theorists while ignoring those of Darwinists, asserting that atheism naturally Ã’follow[s]Ã“ from evolution, whereas religion motivates ID.  This is empirically false,22 and stands the First Amendment on its head: can Irons seriously claim that the First Amendment requires discriminatory treatment toward scientists because of their religious beliefs?  By arguing that Richard DawkinsÃ•s atheism Ã’followedÃ“  from evolution, Irons concedes that metaphysical implications of a scientific theory cannot render it unscientific.6. Irons repeatedly misrepresents and misstates facts. IronsÃ•s factual errors are too numerous to catalog, but we highlight some of the most egregious: Irons incorrectly conflates ID proponents with Ã’biblical creationists.Ã“  He wrongly implies that ID must reject common ancestry.  He accuses Michael Behe of failing to repair a purported Ã’defectÃ“ in irreducible complexity, without revealing that Behe has responded to this objection.  He claims the John Templeton Foundation (JTF) asked ID proponents for research proposals which Ã’never came in,Ã“ but JTFÃ•s vice president denies that such a request was ever made, calling the episode a Ã’media narrative manufacture.Ã“  Irons alleges we Ã’hijackedÃ“ Stephen Jay Gould, but Gould plainly agreed with Niles Eldridge that Ã’the higher up the Linnaean hierarchy you look, the fewer transitional forms there seem to be.Ã“  Irons insinuates that Ã’not oneÃ“ of DIÃ•s fellows in the Center for Science and Culture has expertise in paleontology, ignoring the various ID proponents who have studied (or published) in mainstream paleontology circles, including on hominid evolution.  He claims Ã’no Ã”intelligentÃ• force can be observed or measured by any scientific process,Ã“ yet we explained that scientists study intelligence by observing humans and seek to detect intelligent action in SETI (Ã’search for extraterrestrial intelligenceÃ“) programs. Irons uses poor sources for many of his claims, which may be why he is so inaccurate.Irons repeatedly falsely insinuates that we misrepresent quotations through omissions, but he misrepresents through creative quoting himself. For example, Irons claims William Dembski takes the position that Ã’I am a Christian, therefore I reject evolution,Ã“ but ignores DembskiÃ•s actual position: Ã’Intelligent design . . . has no prior religious commitments and interprets the data of science on generally accepted scientific principles.Ã“  It is Irons who has attempted to Ã’swift-boatÃ“ the character of ID proponents through selective citations.Rather than refuting our substantive arguments, Irons attempts to divert attention away from the Kitzmiller ruling and its weaknesses. We trust that fair-minded readers will see through such tactics. If this is the best defenders of Kitzmiller can muster, the shelf-life of the ruling may be short indeed.	FAVOR
4206	creation	The christian faith is a mockery to humankind.All religions are a detriment to humans and the earth.We need to call out people making these insane arguments whenever we see them in order to STOP the religious from destroying earth and its inhabitants.	AGAINST
4207	creation	How can anyone believe that the human race began with just one pair, Adam and Eve, and refuse to face the logical consequence that the human race would have to have with brother-sister incest?  If God wanted to start the human race with just one pair of biological ancestors, then He must have ordained incestuous marriage for at least the first generation of humans.  However, books like Leviticus in chapters 18 and 20, incest is clearly condemned.  This includes incestuous brother-sister marriage!  That's the main reason why I have embraced theistic    evolution    instead of the Genesis creation accounts.	AGAINST
4208	creation	Just like Pluto orbiting the sun completely and gravity! They're theories, but in the scientific way of using the word	AGAINST
4209	creation	 Being an atheist in a catholic school i can tell you that Catholicism, or Christianity does not dispel the idea of evolution. It says that you are free to accept as long as you understand two things,  /> The Book of Genesis is not literal, and so the 7 days could represent hundreds of millions of years,  /> and that God is behind evolution in its stem of creation.	AGAINST
4210	creation	For (Macro-)Evolution Theory to be valid, laws of nature that are generally accepted as true and standard must be repeatedly denied. The typical outcome of a dramatic mutation is that it: (1) does not reproduce in the mutated form to a successful degree, (2) is often sterile, and (3) has low survivability rates. (Macro-)Evolution Theory supposes that these natural limitations to mutation were repeatedly set aside over innumerable generations in an ever-succeeding pattern that defies the standards known to exist - and, further, that this denial continued successfully over millions of years.	FAVOR
4211	creation	"When I read Casey Luskin's article he made some very good points.  I am sure you read the article so I won't cut and paste them here.  My problem is that instead of addressing the points he made in his article those who find no merit in ID attack the writer personally or talk about the weight of scientific opinion against him.  Neither argument is scientific in itself.  It seems to me that Luskin is being ""more scientific"" in that he talks about a method for testing ID. Though you disagree with the validity of his argument, you don't address it.  That's my point.  May I make another point about what ""scientific"" is?  When Crick said molecular machines appear designed but are not, he was never castigated for being ""unscientific.""  If some responds and say those moleculare machines are designed, they are harshly criticized for being ""unscientific.""  Why?"	FAVOR
4212	creation	"The argument you're making would make sense if we could all just go up to God and ask, ""Hey, is this true?"" and God could give his answer directly to anyone who asked. But remember, when you refer to God's word, you're talking about the transcription of stories that were oral tradition for centuries. That isn't God's word, that's generations and generations of people playing the telephone game with something someone once said he heard from God (sometimes resulting in contradictory statements being supposedly made by the always-correct God). Now, we could use that, or we could use reproducible scientific tests. If you're looking for reliable evidence, there's a clear choice."	AGAINST
4213	creation	Creationism has more solid evidence than   evolution   does. I hope I am not being offensive or rude with my statements, I just wish to state what I believe is the truth. Anyway, evolution is the only theory being taught in our schools and the evidence backing it up either has a probailty that is beyond scientific verification or it has already been proven wrong and is stilling being taught. It does require faith to believe in God becuase He is greater than anything conceived on the earth. Nevertheless, there is evidence for creation such as the grand canyon, or the utter complexity of the universe which all scientists are well aware of. If we're choosing what is taught in our schools based on the evidence that bakcs it up, than maybe we should also be reconsidering evolution since it is not scientifically valid. 	FAVOR
4214	creation	"Agreed that religious belief should not necessarily compel the rejection of well-established results from well-developed scientific fields.Disagree that evolution is such a field.  Too much interpretation, just so stories, falsified predictions, reading into the evidence, etc. Disagree that Intelligent design has no scientific merit.  Read the other side's answer to this attack.  Archeologists use various methods to determine design in things they find.  SETI faithful are looking for signs of intelligent design in space noise - stuff that can not be attributed to a natural source or explained by natural means.  ID scientists simply look at the scientific realities that we have come to learn about, a far cry from what Darwin knew, and they realize that scientifically speaking, these things cannot be explained by natural means.  To say they can is simply a statement of faith because the proof is not there.  Neither side is proven so both sides deserve a hearing.  Just because ID may not fit into the religion of most Darwinites or the worldview of the Naturalists, doesn't mean that it does not deserve a hearing. We are after truth not the validation of a certain world view whether it is right or wrong just to satisfy the intelligentsia whose pride would be hurt if they were shown to be wrong.AGREE that ""This religious idea should not be imposed on public school science classes.""HOWEVER, there is no reason whatsoever that there cannot be fair debate about it. There is no reason that both sides of the issue can not be talked about in class.  There is no reason to disallow all views but ones that fit within the beloved worldview of naturalism.  Science is after truth and should be willing to look at the evidence, whatever that may be.  And let's just say for sake of argument that there is a Creator.   So if there is some kind of intelligence behind earthly life, and again, no one has disproven this as a possibility, then it would seem that the theory of evolution (where everything evolved by random chance with no goal or purpose in mind) would not stand up to the evidence.  It would seem that a scientific and honest look at the evidence would point out the problems.  What is the harm of at least exploring this possibility since even Dawkins admits that he would be open to the possibility of the involvement of space aliens here?  WE JUST DON'T KNOW so it would seen that even the Darwinites would want to investigate this idea, unless of course they are afraid of losing their faith in Pope Charlie.Who the designer is has nothing to do with it and everyone knows that.  This complaint that ID is religious simply because it claims there is intelligence involved in the origin of life and therefore unscientific is a smoke screen to keep this idea from being taken seriously by people.  Scientists would rather ridicule it and use scaremonger tactics by screaming ""religion!""  rather than answer it's claims rationally, because there are no answers.Open debate is all we are asking for.  Even the Discovery Insititute does not want mandated teaching of ID in the classroom. "	FAVOR
4215	creation	 I believe in evolution. I also believe in God. So how do I answer the question presented by either side? The evolutionists state that there is unequivocal evidence of life before man. Their right! The evangelical Christians believe in the literal translations of the Bible that God made the heavens and earth in six days. Their right too! How can both be right? My answer is that God's clock is not our clock. Our day is one revolution of the earth, God's day is something much different.	AGAINST
4216	creation	If man evolved from apes, then why is there still apes? To evolve is to change and the ape didn't. Evolution only an atheist's delusion.	FAVOR
4217	creation	God created the universe therefore God created   science  . If science is a lie then God is a liar. Scientist have shown that the world was not created in six days. If you except the day age theory God and science agree and science has to explain how the writer of Genesis knew that plants came before the sun appeared in the sky.	AGAINST
4218	creation	 There's a definite difference between micro-evolution and macro-evolution in the sense that with the moths and the finches, there are minor changes that happen. It's kind of like a pendulum. It swings far to the right and to the left, but in the end, it's right in the center again, if you understand me correctly.	FAVOR
4219	creation	 No, it is not falling apart.  Your statement is just worthless  penny-stock church rhetoric.	AGAINST
4220	creation	"""So I decided to check out the actual articles in question and much to my dismay I came to realize that this seemed to be a blatant quote out of context.""If you came here to convince people that the quote really was out of context then I would highly suggest you give the proper context that shows otherwise.""By the way, speaking of religion class, if we accept the creationist's own rationale for this bill, then shouldn't right wing fundamentalist Christian schools be forced to ""teach the controversy"" about religion?""No, the reason being that the bill addresses controversies among scientists about science. ""You can see how quickly their argument breaks down.""Maybe I'm biased, maybe I'm just plain ignorant, but I sure can't see any fault in the rationale behind the academic freedom bills they've been promoting. They seem fine as written:      ""You are no match for the NCSE and its hard working staff who have relentlessly expressed scientific objections to the claims made by ID proponents.""If that's truly the case, then the NCSE really needs to ramp things up if they are to sway public opinion. ""People such as former Public Information Project Director Nick Matzke whose elaborations on the bacterial flagella and his incredibly in depth work during Kitzmiller v Dover have exposed not just the scientific flaws in Behe's and other ID proponents claims (including your own IIRC)""I would like more information on this process and his paper ""Evolution in (Brownian) Space."" None of it seemed to convincing to me because parts of the flagellum seem to just appear out of nowhere, automatically assemble in the right order, location, with the right compatibility, right function, and all at the proper time. While it may in fact be a possibility, I would want more then just animation of parts coming from nowhere and just falling into place for me to be convinced:      What mutations occurred for this to come into play? How many ways could the process have gone wrong? ""...but also helped to formulate a winning strategy to expose not just the scientific vacuity of ID but also its well established creationist roots.""After reading the points between the NCSE and the Discovery institute on that claim, I am still skeptical of this as well. I would like to know more about the ""well established roots,"" as far as I know the best the NCSE has come up with are early book drafts taken out of context.      "	FAVOR
4221	creation	"Good point, but as an evolutionary biologist I find that not entirely true. And as a matter of fact, several sciences from anthropology to zoology via psychiatry and neurology do tell us a lot about ourselves. But even more so does what we study, and the drive to study in itself. Besides, I have doubts about the ""intents"" of the authors of at least some myths being more sophisticated than representing fact as they believed it. That being said, I certainly agree that they do say a lot about our basic human nature."	AGAINST
4222	creation	The problem with the Catholic Church is that it has been unable to disagree with any scientific theory ever since they got burned condemning Galileo. The problem over ID is more semantic than real. In   science   God is the Unified Force, ID is Chaos Theory. You can teach Creationism or ID in the public schools you just have to call it Chaos Theory.	FAVOR
4223	creation	 There is absolutely no proof for Evolution. Despite the fact that Darwin is hailed as a genius in much of the scientific community, there are many holes in his theory. Darwin himself stated that if it was proven that an organism could not have come to exist through slight, successive changes over a long period of time, (in other words, if an organism was shown to be Irreducibly Complex) then his theory would fall apart. Irreducible Complexity has been proven with the example of the Flagella Motor, an extremely intricate system which requires all parts of itself to exist together in order to function.	FAVOR
4224	creation	"""I really feel sorry for you.""I feel sorry for our world. Everyone should be willing to question what they believe."	AGAINST
4225	creation	 It can't  be wrong!!! This is something natural!!	AGAINST
4226	creation	PvM, those are merely my opinions. I KNOW that the existence of God cannot be proven, then again, it can't be disproven. I never said the universe WAS created, that is just something I WANT to believe. I think it makes me a better person, and adds a certain amount of purpose to my life. That's all it is, opinion. 	FAVOR
4227	creation	"Calling the ort cloud a ""guess"" is disingenuous at best. While no direct observational data confirms its existence, the statistically unlikely clustering of the aphelia (the furthest point in orbit away from the sun) of long period comets strongly imply its existence. And of course, most short period comets, the ones that matter to AiG's calculations, come from the Kuiper belt, which we have directly observed. "	AGAINST
4228	creation	"I wouldn't just go as far to say that those in the Bible lied about the miracles Jesus performed. I would go even further and state that they never existed. The Bible has some very valuable messages but if you are referring to anything from the Gospels to support your views, I would reconsider. It is well known that these books have been meddled with by ""well meaning"" Christian scholars over the centuries.Strange that there are absolutely no references to Jesus from that period outside of the Bible itself... which has been, at best mistranslated and at worst completely fabricated."	AGAINST
4229	creation	Does the Bible state that the world was created in six days?	AGAINST
4230	creation	Yes, you are right.  My bad.  His name is Sternberg, not Stenberg.  The government report on the issue validates the charges against the Smithsonian Institute. Paper victory:  A congressional committee found evidence for harassment and discrimination by the Smithsonian against Dr. Richard Sternberg, who had allowed publication of a pro-ID paper in a Smithsonian journal (see Evolution News).  The report listed numerous examples of spying, plotting, lying, scheming and creating a hostile environment against Dr. Sternberg by Smithsonian staff with the NCSEÃ•s help.  Few regular citizens even know that this report exists though and no action or fine was put on the Institution or the NCSE for their role in this harrassment.  If you want to look at the report for yourself, here is a link to it:          But it seems like you have already read this.You may be right about him not losing his job.  I'll back off what I said until I can verify it with Sternberg himself.   The point is, they made his life miserable, started a smear campaign, tried to ruin his reputation, and tried to make life so miserable for him that he would resign.  They succeeded and they were not punished for this at all.  Apparently all is fair in the evolution/ID war.  They wanted to make it clear that this kind of an article is never to be published by any kind of reputable science magazine.  Then they claim that ID scientists haven't published any articles to prove their point that it is not good science.  Go figure.Now, we all know that some articles have been published, but very few and the Sternberg controversy shows why the numbers of articles that have been published is so few.Thanks for pointing out my errors!tj	FAVOR
4231	creation	Natural: pertaining to or part of the observable world.  Something that behaves according to physical laws.Supernatural:  pertaining to something beyond the observable world.  Something that does not behave according to physical laws.	AGAINST
4232	creation	" ""There is no scientist can give strong evidence to support evolution.""  /   /> Have you read the Origin of the Species?  I think you might find some evidence in there.  If you want strong evidence you could also have see some literature from any evolutionary biologist.  Richard Dawkins would be a start."	AGAINST
4233	creation	With belief.. facing reality doesn't require 'courage'... but facing a world with no purpose behind it.. with no reason except cause and effect, electrons and neutrons, yes - that world requires courage for sure.  Keep in mind that I did not find God out of some need to have an explanation..though I admit even as an atheist the concept sounded 'nice'. Nor was it a need to have this innate courage that comes from a world with reason, it was instead just a bonus.  It's a typical atheistic viewpoint that because the believer lacked the courage to live in a world without some form of security blanket.. that they invent God..on the contrary I came to the conclusion from looking at the evidence and from personal experiences.  The realization was unavoidable.  I was a happy person as an atheist.. -- though I can't describe the happiness that comes from knowing this isn't just a cosmic accident.As far as you question of 'what are the odds your God would be the way he is?'... I truly don't get the question... I'd say 1:1... but that would mean I knew what that meant in the first place?  It's awfully esoteric...  Do you mean what are the odds.. that if there were a God that he would want to have a creation? I'd figure 1:1... though it's rather hard for an imperfect being to imagine the wants of God - but it would seem any God by necessity would 'do' something.... not simply be content as an all encompassing complete and perfect whole... it would most likely 'create' in some form.. and what are the chances that this creation would likely be a reflection of himself in some form.. I'd say 1:1... when you create your creation reflects your character... does it not?  Now the next step becomes more conjectural... if you were to create this 'creation' would it be proper to force upon it absolute obedience?  I'd say that wouldn't be right.. I'd say you'd have to give it a right to dissent... matter of fact I'd give it a 1:1 chance that the only path would be free will.. and thus an imperfect creation - since you cannot have the option to do wrong without it.. so free will is another 1:1 chance.. Now we have a creation.. and it's flawed and yet shows similarities to it's creator.. we need to give this creation some purpose.. some form of reason to exist of sorts.. well I figure the obvious choice would be that the very purpose the creator would devise is a great mystery of 'where did I come from?'  .. in other words.. a beautiful mystery would be 'am I an accident.. or did I come from a creator?'... now THAT would be an ingenious idea... it would be like a game of hide and seek with my creation... It would be the ultimate question and the ultimate purpose... yes, I would give a 1:1 chance that this would be the perfect concept for my creation's 'fulfilling purpose'..  Now another problem... considering I am a perfect creator.. but have made an imperfect being... doomed to mistakes - and suffering.. and now he has a reason for life.. the search for the truth of me.. the creator.. I need to instill a reason for this search...a reward of sorts - since simply knowing I exist is not going to really provide meaning or even reason to search... I have it! the ultimate reward.. to return to me.. their perfect creator - ahhh... but there's a problem.. any reward means a punishment.. and that doesn't sound very benevolent of a perfect creator....hmm.. well then I will come to earth and live as them - in earthly form - yes! perfect idea... and even allow myself to die at their hands to show that I have suffered as they have! .. and I will make the rule that due to my own sacrifice... all that is necessary to return to me - the perfect creator is simply a heartfelt belief.. and an apology!! ingenious .. and perfectly simple!... in conclusion... I'd say if there were a God... which there is... there's a 1:1 chance he would be precisely as we perceive him.	FAVOR
4234	creation	"""TODAY, one of the fundamental goals of scientists studying the theory of   evolution   is to figure out how life on Earth began.""-Livvy     The origins of life are the focus of a great deal of study, but it focuses more on biochemistry then evolutionary biology, as there was nothing to evolve before the first cells existed.""The   media   touts ID as creationism, while most universities do not support curriculum questioning the theory of evolution. In fact, since the fairly recent inception of ID, numerous teachers, professors, and academic officials have lost funding, or even their tenure, for   teaching   ID in their lectures.""-LivvyThe theory that a supernatural entity created life on Terra seems very close to creationism to me... and since the theory has so little backing I would not expect it to be taught as though it were an accepted theory.""A principle that states ""one should not increase, beyond what is necessary, the number of entities required to explain anything"" is a flawed argument, because the Theory of Evolution does not completely explain what scientists are looking for.""-LivvyScientists may not yet have built a perfect picture of how life evolved, but the theory accurately describes what we observer, and allows for predictions to be made regarding what will occur to a species over time.  Every time a new fossil is discovered another hole fills in... do we really need to revise our entire world view on nothing more then some missing bones?""Evolution doesn't do a good job at describing what we see around us. We've never seen any evidence that one species can change into a completely different species.""-LivvyExcept for in the fossil record, where transitional elements are quite prominent.""When tigers and lions mate, when donkey's and horses mate, their offspring has always been 100% sterile this goes for all other attempted inter-special reproduction.""-LivvyInterspecies mating?  New species usually evolve from existing populations due to   genetic   changes over vast time scales, not from the mating of two separate species.""Proponents of evolution always bring up archaeopteryx as the missing link - but really all it proves is that there used to be a feathered dinosaur crittering around the Earth that's now extinct.""-LivvyYet there are no birds before the archaeoperyx, and after the archaeoperyx the birds begin to appear.... how does ID explain that?  What reason is given for the appearance of birds after the appearance of bird like dinosaurs (which were not lizards)?"	AGAINST
4235	creation	"It's about being scientifically relevant. Look at Behe, what has he done for science in the last decade? His latest book ""Edge of evolution"" shows how ID can only make its claims when ignoring scientific progress. Guillermo Gonzalez failed to impress his tenure committee that he should be given tenure. They promote ID, they get people to respond, and in most cases they totally ignore the criticism. Look at how Behe is ignoring the devastating observations by Matzke in this forum for instance. Of course, Behe has no duty to respond but it shows how ID fails to be able to really present its case or defend itself against real criticism. That ID has its roots in Christianity is just an additional bonus to help understand why despite its scientific vacuity, ID is still attempting to introduce it under the guise of, what is the flavor of today?, oh yes, academic freedom.You could perhaps move forward this discussion by explaining how ID explains any 'designed' system? What hypotheses relevant directly to design does it generate?I have seen various attempts by ID proponents to make claims of 'research programs' based on ID but ID lacks a foundation for that as well, I'd argue."	AGAINST
4236	creation	" Yes, the theory of evolution is wrong, it got popular when Darwin wrote the book ""The Origin of Species"" but later on many scientists proved from several experiments that it is an incorrect theory.  />   /> Even if evolution is correct, then why have we not seen any change in known history? By just using your common sense you can see that evolution is a fake theory. Many scientists have also confessed it. For example, you can see the result in the modern science journals. One of these results is here, it is narrated in ""Science, vol. 207, 7 March 1980, p. 1103; A. J. Kelso, Physical Anthropology, 1st ed., J. B. Lipincott Co., New York, 1970, p. 221; M. D. Leakey, Olduvai Gorge, vol. 3, Cambridge University Press, Cambridge, 1971, p. 272."" that by outlining the link chain as Australopithecus > Homo habilis > Homo erectus > Homo sapiens, evolutionists imply that each of these species is one another's ancestor. However, recent findings of paleoanthropologists have revealed that Australopithecus, Homo habilis, and Homo erectus lived at different parts of the world at the same time.  />   /> So, you can see from above passage that scientists have themselves confessed, unconsciously, the right thing."	FAVOR
4237	creation	"I apologise for the personal slant to the first part of my first question, it was meant to be rhetorical.From your further answer I take it that you a) have read other books.b) Have no evidence outside a single source.You say ""As far as evidence to show that the Holy Scriptures are the Word of God, you need look no further than the Bible itself. Since God cannot lie, why then, would the Word of God tell lies?""That is such a naive statement that I am staggered.1. ""Since God cannot lie""  So God is not all powerful ? Surely an omnipotent deity can do anything ?2. Even if you are correct, men can lie.  A man could quite easily write a book that says this is the word of God and be lying.If I found a book describing a conflict between the Dark Lord Sauron, (who created a magical ring) and the inhabitants of middle earth.  If this book ended with ""This volume is true and was written whilst under divine inspiration of the one true God.""  Would you believe it ?"	AGAINST
4238	creation	...all design is intelligent. It takes thought to construct any type of design. When you see things take place in science they happen because of all the laws that were put into place by an intelligent designer.Going back to the idea of a storm and engines. When you get in a car and turn the key you have a spontaneous violent storm erupt inside the engine. It all takes place because of all the elements of the design working in concert to produce the effect. This and all design requireintelligent thought. 	FAVOR
4239	creation	" <b 										</tr> 					 										<tr valign=""top""> 											"	FAVOR
4240	creation	-but don't try to lead me astay-I wanted to try and lead to the truth from being astrayactually. I think Behe has made the case for obviousdesign within the cell and I don't think you will findanyone who could put it any more clear. The evidence is everywhere its just a matter of where you want to put your faith. Good luck on your journey.	FAVOR
4241	creation	"I really have to give the anti-IDer's credit, you have a lot of faith.  More than I do actually.  Some say that God does not exist and that there is no way in this universe that he created everything, yet what doesn't make sense to me is that there is less of a chance that The Big Bang happened then God actually creating the universe.  Do the math: The Big Bang is really impossible.  I heard a statistic that said the possibility of The Big Bang happening is like a tornado going through a junkyard and assembling A WORKING BOEING 747.Look around you.  Look away from your computer screen for a moment and glance out your window.  Really ask yourself, ""Did all this happen by chance?""  The trees, water, mountains, birds, cats, dogs; I'm not sure how people can believe that this was all a freak accident.  Was it really a concidence that the planet we call Earth just happened to be the IDEAL place for life?  Any closer to the sun, we'd fry.  Any farther, we'd freeze.  We're perfectly placed in the universe and thrive because of it.  Coincidence?  I think not.Most of all, look at yourself.  Ask any doctor and they will tell you that the human body is a remarkable machine.  Well lubricated, efficient, intelligent; what are the chances of the body that you are in now coming from a pile of goo struck by lightning (or however you believe we came to existance).  For those of you who believe that we were not created and came into existance randomly, I give you props for believing in something that mathmatically probably never happened.Also, if there is no God, then we have no purpose; we are useless beings that try to make the most of of what we have been dealt.  Is that what you want to believe?  If you do, then you have more faith than most people.I've found purpose.  I've found happiness.  Have you?"	FAVOR
4242	creation	"PvM:""First of all, the judge observed that the school board was strongly motivated by religious beliefs and the fact that they believed that ID presented a scientific hypothesis and thus a valid secular purpose, was their downfall ... ""Thanks for bringing that up Pv, since I forgot to.  There is strong evidence that Buckingham had religious motives, and that he had a memory slip regarding funding for the books, etc.  That alone could qualify for an interpretation of 'religious motives', although Lemon Test prong 1, while requiring a ""secular purpose"", does not summarily rule out tentatively having a religious motive as well.  None-the-less, I don't disagree with his ruling regarding the school board.That said, none of this relates to the ID ruling, since the board members were not ID advocates, except perhaps superficially.PvM:"" ... when the Judge showed not only how ID is tightly linked to religious motivations (the Wedge) but also that as a science it lacked any content.""The board members weren't even aware of the 'Wedge' document, a dated (ten years), internal document of DI, and neither relevant to Dover v Kitzmiller, nor to the ID hypothesis.More on the ACLU's rubber stamped ruling, by a practicing attorney:        /lacked any content."""	FAVOR
4243	creation	"I'm going to ask both Creationists and Evolutionists to look at the following with a completely open mind for just one minute.  The Bible was written in ancient Hebrew, not English, yes?  We are on the same page so far.  In ancient Hebrew, the word yom can mean day, as in 12 or 24 hour periods, or simply period of time.  Medieval scholars translated yom as day in English.  They did not have a reason not to, yet.  Now, consider that Yahweh was explaining this to a semi-literate group of ancient nomads, with no understanding of the cosmos or the world outside of their little society.  He couldn't explain things to them using complex scientific terms, so he simplified it.  In the beginning, God (the Hebrew word used here is Elohim, which is plural, and not Yahweh, but that's a different argument, so for now I'll just use the more accepted word, ""God"" rather than the correct translation of Gods) said, ""let there be light,"" and there was light.  Since there is no sound in space, the Big Bang would really be more like the Big Flash of LIGHT.  On Day 2, God creates the heavens.  From this Big Flash of Light, stars and planets and everything the ancient Hebrews could see in the heavens were created.  He then, on that same day, seperated the waters of the earth from the waters in the heavens.  Heavy volcanic activity in the early days of Earth's forming spewed a great deal of water vapor from the primordial ocean, forming an atmosphere.  So far, it fits together fairly well.  On Day 3, God seperates the water into one great basin, and dry land appears.  One basin of water and one spot of dry land sounds a lot like Pangea to me.  God also creates plants.  This is the one place where they don't seem to line up absolutely perfectly, as God doesn't create the ""lights in the sky,"" the sun, moon, and stars, until Day 4.  It could perhaps refer to simple, anaerobic, single celled organisms being formed before the smoke and debris from the volcanic activity cleared enough to allow the ""lights in the sky"" to show through.  Obviously, the ancient Hebrews would not have understood the concept of microscopic organisms, so this is a possibility.  On Day 5 God creates the sea creatures (which came first) and the birds (which, along with reptiles, followed).  On Day 6, God creates land animals, which are basically mammals, which also came next according to   evolution  .  Finally, God created man, which fits in perfectly with evolutionary theory.  The only differences are the complexity of terms and the lenght of the days, one caused by necessity and the other caused by poor translation.  The only other difference being that one came several thousand years before the other, but is basically the same thing.  The world was created exactly as the Bible says it was, over billions of years."	AGAINST
4244	creation	 It's impossible to argue with you people. I don't even know why i bother. Creationists not only do not attempt to learn anything about science, they resist learning about science. Every primate has evolved over the years. We were just the one's that managed to become sentient and intelligent.	AGAINST
4245	creation	"""Any sincere New Testament bible studdent knows that there is only one one reliable and true book, the bible...""Any honest student of theology also knows how the Bible came to be, and it's anything but handed down from god himself. In reality, humans who claimed no divine inspiration cherry picked which texts ought to be included in the compilation! What criteria did they use to filter the heresy from the canon? We don't know."	AGAINST
4246	creation	""" We focus only on the constitutional aspects to this issue. Americans United's main point is that the teaching of intelligent design in public schools is unconstitutional. It is religion, not science. Judge Jones agreed with us. The Kitzmiller case is over. ""Oh really?  The 'unconstitutional' premise, which resulted in a legal 'conclusion' by Judge Jones, was based on his interpretation of (1) The Establishment Clause, (2) The Lemon Test, and (3) his definition of 'religion.'  Without taking up space analyzing the first two, addressing the third negates the relevance of the first two.In the Lemon v Kurtzman ruling, as in virtually all other Supreme Court cases, religion has not been defined, although in lower court cases, it has in some cases been defined in a narrow or broad sense, according to what the jurist(s) felt was needed to adjudicate a particular case. One of the main problems then, in applying the Lemon Test, is a proper interpretation of the term 'religion'.  Referring to excerpts from the Utah Law Review published by arn.org, this topic is addressed, with citations from relevant court cases.pg. 47  ""Though the courts have generally resisted formulating definitions ofreligion, the Ninth Circuit test articulated in Peloza v. Capistrano UnifiedSchool District226 and Alvarado v. City of San Jose227 stands as a clearexception to that rule.""  Similar to the Lemon Test, it consists of (3) qualifications for a motive to be religious.  I'll list those three, along with my interpretation.""First, a religion addresses fundamental and ultimate questions having to do with deep and imponderable matters.""My take:  ID seeks empirical and statistical verifications/ falsifications, rather than to attempt to answer 'imponderable matters [questions].""Second, a religion is comprehensive in nature; it consists of a belief-system as opposed to an isolated teaching.""There is no established ""belief-system"" presented as evidence of design.""Third, a religion often can be recognized by the presence of certain formal and external signs.""Here is the clincher, quoting from pg. 46:  ""The third part of the test concerns the ""'presence of certain formal and external signs.'""  The court provided a list of such signs, including liturgy, clergy, and observance of holidays.  Obviously, design theory has none of these - no sacred texts; no ordained ministers, priests, or religious teachers; no design theory liturgies; no design theory holidays; and no institutional structures like those of religious groups.""If these prongs properly define 'religion', then Judge Jones erred in his decision.  ""Implying"" a God, does not a religion make.  A designer, design team, or designers over vast time would not need to constitute the role of an overseer, or an entity that conforms to prevailing monotheistic religions.  An appellate court ruling can be cited as a basis for later rulings, and in this case, to more accurately define 'religion' as referenced in Lemon v. Kurtzman, but not properly defined in that decision.  I eagerly await a subsequent court ruling based in-part on the above, as well as other relevant facts, to put this nonesense to rest.  I feel that Tom Jefferson would agree.        "	FAVOR
4247	creation	"""But how does the Bible self authenticate the verses about four rivers coming out of Eden? It doesn't""You must be joking. You really expect the world to look the same 6,000 years later? And after a global flood that completely altered the face of the planet  and breaking one continent into seven? But 4 rivers should still be the same? Rivers don't stay the same from one year to the next. Read Mark Twain's Life on the Mississippi.""What, in general, does self authenticate mean? Does it mean ""make predictions""?""No, it means that the Word of God is internally consistent, although written over a period of 4,000 years by 40 different authors. It means that God can not lie, and His Word can not contradict itself.       That doesn't mean predictions, although valid predictions can and have been made based on biblical truths. Russ Humphreys' predictions of magnetic fields of other planets is probably the biggest one.""How does Genesis help oil companies find oil?""You're confusing operation science with historical science, which is based on philosophy and INTERPRETATION of evidence that exists in the present. It doesn't make ANY predictions about the past, because that's impossible. How can you make verifiable observations in the past?""Evolution helps oil companies find oil.""Now you're just confused in general. What does ""scientific geology"" have to do with evolution? Flood geology is actually able to make better sense of the observable evidence than millions of years of slow processes. What would flood geology predict? How about billions of dead animals and plants rapidly buried under a mile of sediment laid down quickly, preserving animals in the middle of eating, or giving birth, all over the world? Plate tectonics, the single ice age, massive volcanic activity decreasing in intensity over the centuries, the same layers of sedimentary rock found on different sides of the ocean, flood sediment in Nevada transported from New England, all explained with the proper Biblical perspective, but still unexplained by secular geology. "	FAVOR
4248	creation	This is why i have my doubts about ID too, but the main premise of it (which is why i accept it as probable) is still very rational. People will try to make their reasoning for certain ideas, and I don't condone or condemn them (just how the Big Bang theory is still filled with a shit load of holes). It may be because I think more philosophically and mathematically then i do by senses and the scientific method... it's not that i ignore science (as i've said, i embrace it and continue to study it), I just see how science, when taken to an extreme, can lead people to think too linear.I see how we are debating on a sort of different path. We both accept Evolution as a valid and most reasonable theory on the track of life. You think more on the what can be physically proven scale and on what you say, i agree. But concrete thinking was never enough for me. although ID is not acceptable to me just yet (so far, no theory on the Universe is acceptable to me yet), I believe that we can incorporate it (as i've said, the mass form of energy that creates a guidance) with what is rational to even atheists.Or maybe not, Philosophy is a pretty harsh subject now a days. How much I wish more people could become philosophers (seriously, we had three of the greatest in a row and now nothing).	AGAINST
4249	creation	"I happened to drop by the Discovery's Institute's website, which claims to be interested in improving the accuracy in reporting, and read an interesting blurb titled ""NCSE Promotes Shrill Editorial Suggesting ""Students be Forced to Consider the Possibility that There Is No God"". So I decided to check out the actual articles in question and much to my dismay I came to realize that this seemed to be a blatant quote out of context.--By the way, speaking of religion class, if we accept the creationist's own rationale for this bill, then shouldn't right wing fundamentalist Christian schools be forced to ""teach the controversy"" about religion?...You can see how quickly their argument breaks down.---        /Since we have some representatives of the Discovery Institute here, in fact I believe Casey Luskin was the author, yes indeed. So Casey, can you explain?Your rhetoric may have gotten the best of you here. Suggestion for Casey. You are no match for the NCSE and its hard working staff who have relentlessly expressed scientific objections to the claims made by ID proponents. People such as former Public Information Project Director Nick Matzke whose elaborations on the bacterial flagella and his incredibly in depth work during Kitzmiller v Dover have exposed not just the scientific flaws in Behe's and other ID proponents claims (including your own IIRC) but also helped to formulate a winning strategy to expose not just the scientific vacuity of ID but also its well established creationist roots.  And that without any legal training.        And Casey, you are surely no Karl. Consider that a compliment."	AGAINST
4250	creation	"Intelligent design might be a seasoned exercise in rationalization, but the claim that it is a ""science"" cannot be supported.  If anything can be said to characterize science, it is a profound skepticism and hard-nosed objectivity in seeking to disprove conjectures, ruling out all other possibilities before making any claim of finding ""the truth"".  By contrast, Intelligent Design seeks only to rationalized the observable world with the belief in an intelligent creator.  Devotees of Intelligent Design may be intelligent, rational, disciplined thinkers, but they are not doing science."	AGAINST
4251	creation	"--Taxibound2--I must say that PvM has a way with words. A few of those words were when he claims that Casey Luskin misrepresents neo-Darwinism because, claiming that Ã’Anyone familiar with evolutionary theory would quickly come to realize that evolutionary processes are not 'blind' or even 'unguided', in fact, the only aspect of evolutionary theory which comes close to this description is the concept of 'random' as used when describing mutations.Ã“--But if you read CaseyÃ•s posts, it seems like he is familiar with evolutionary theory because he documents where textbooks and leading evolutionary biologists have described evolution in this fashion. For example, Luskin writes:Ã’Even the widely-touted theistic evolutionary biologist Kenneth Miller has claimed in five editions of his highly popular high school biology textbooks that the implication of evolution is that it works Ã’without either plan or purposeÃ“ and is Ã’random and undirected.Ã“(22)Ã“--So in other words, Casey's ignorance is justifiable because he can find a textbook which fails to explain the concept correctly? Is that the full extent of your argument? In fact, are you aware that the author of the textbook accepted responsibility for the flawed definition and had it removed?As to Ayala, I fail to see your point since Ayala correctly describes the historical past--Ã’Similarly, in the prestigious scientific journal, Proceedings for the National Academy of Sciences, leading evolutionary biologist Francisco Ayala celebrates that ""DarwinÃ•s greatest accomplishmentÃ“ was to show that the origin of lifeÃ•s complexity Ã’can be explained as the result of a natural process--natural selection--without any need to resort to a Creator or other external agent.""(13)--Without the need to resort to a Creator is what good science is all about. We all know how simplistically easy it is to assign our fears and ignorance to 'God's will', imagine our ancestors who saw God's hand in such issues as thunder and lightning or the stability of orbits of planets (Isaac Newton). You may of course use Luskin's arguments but I suggest that there is a risk involved, namely that his own writings expose a further level of unfamiliarity with evolutionary science.I am here to help you understand the 'rest of the story'"	AGAINST
4252	creation	For starters,     And of course,     	AGAINST
4253	creation	 Well, to begin with, there is a lot of strong evidence to support evolution: The discovery of DNA, the discovery of fossils and primitive primates etc.  /> And okay, there is no DEFINITIVE evidence for evolution, but there is not definitive evidence for any other theory of creation either.	AGAINST
4254	creation	" Yes Yes Yes!!! The Bible so contradicts that. ""And God created great whales, and every living creature that moveth, which the waters brought forth abundantly, after their kind, and every winged fowl after his kind: And God saw that it was good."" Genesis 1:21"	FAVOR
4255	creation	"""I fail to see how ID can help us here.""It allows some people to ""scientifically"" believe in   god  . Which in turn allows people to see purpose in their life if there is indeed someone above them. "	FAVOR
4256	creation	"Good arguments are worth far more than vehement objections.In the Dover case, it was extensively proved that ID did little more than extensively use cherry-picked fact and misinformation to cause confusion about science, then extend the miracle of Intelligent Design as the ""answer."" Preventing this approach has nothing to do with censorship and everything to do with facts.I was taught Creationism (my education was at a private school, and the cloak of ID did not have to be used) extensively, and taught the same ""controversies"" appearing in Intelligent Design arguments and manuals. The result? A wasted private-school education and my having to pay in college for not having a good science education before I took a real biology class.Please review the definition of ""censorship."" The prevention of deceit is not censorship."	AGAINST
4257	creation	 Evidence indicating Intelligent Design is abundant and overwhelming.	FAVOR
4258	creation	"""God 'stretched' out the heavens. ""That's the past tense, a process that happened but has since stoped... ""God is   stretching   out the heavens"" implies an active process."	AGAINST
4259	creation	--Or that evolution is a process involving randomness and natural selection. Has that been tested?--Yes, in fact it has. First of all we need to understand the meaning of the term 'random' which just means that mutations do not arise in response to environmental needs. More on this later. This has been tested and so far no evidence has been found that seems to contradict this, although some data suggested that mutations did arise in response to needs. However, on closer scrutiny, science discovered the 'SOS response' where organisms enter a stage of hypermutations which combined with the new environmental pressures allows mutations which confer a benefit to quickly spread. As to natural selection, science has tested that natural selection is a real process and has measured many instances of it. This brings us to the final issue, is natural selection and variation the only mechanism of evolution? The answer is no, just like Darwin suggested, there are other processes, most notably 'random drift'.	AGAINST
4260	creation	the expansion of the universe is biblically supported.  11 times it says God 'stretched' out the heavens...- it is said 11 times for obvious emphasis.you can scoff all you want at that reference... but what remains is the fact that we have only recently discovered the universes expansion..  the Bible pointed to it all along.  	FAVOR
4261	creation	"First, I believe that religion is man-made, as are Christ, Buddha, Mohammed, et al. Thus, they truly are the opiate of the masses, and inherently flawed. Religion can be used for good and evil. Nonetheless, that's all it can be used for: a tool. Most of the time, that tool is used for evil, the perpetualization of ignorance and results in misery. Intelligent design has merit, but it has no place in government, schools or courthouses. It is and should remain personal.However, I think that SOMETHING set all this into motion. I truly believe their is a God, though in what sense, I can't say. I think ""God"" is best defined as a Great Architect, for my purposes. As an agnostic, I think knowing God is inherently impossible, at least until my life ends, or rather, when and if my spirit dies.I used to be a practicing christian, but as I evolved and saw how that religion and its worshippers lead through fear and are hypocrites like the rest of us, I moved on. Fear and growth are incompatible, as are ignorance and tolerance.When I began studying physics and astronomy, though, that knowledge left me believing that there IS a reason for all of this. I guess I could sum it up by saying whatever Architect there is, he, she or it set evolution into motion. Ask yourself this: ""if the universe is expanding, what happens when that expansion ceases?"" My answer is that it can't be random. If there is an end to our universe, what lies on the other side? For now, that is unknowable. But it won't stop me wondering."	FAVOR
4262	creation	I only need one sentence to reply to this: Can the   existence   of a designer be verified by the scientific method?  Oh it can't? Oh darn.	AGAINST
4263	creation	"""In fact, the history of life shows a pattern of explosions where new fossil forms come into existence without any clear evolutionary precursors, concurring with design theory that predicts that species might appear abruptly.""-------Let me fix the end of Luskin's quote from above: ""... concurring with design theory that predicts that species might or might not appear abruptly."" I would like for Luskin to explain why he thinks that ID should predict an abrupt rather than a non-abrupt appearance of species."	AGAINST
4264	creation	"Aristotle, Socrates and Plato.Plato being my favorite. Socrates I like a lot too mainly because I think like him on how there is no real answer for anything. That if you look into all beliefs and theories, you will find a flaw. This is why i am constantly skeptical of beliefs but I still hold them because I take elements of them to try and rationalize other beliefs.long explanation on how my mind works... i'd rather not.But maybe we can see Philosophers in different lights. After all, Marx and Adam Smith can also be considered philosophers. Marx saw a greater picture kind of thing and Adam Smith was really just an economist, but his Invisible Hand of the Market belief go a great deal along with philosophy. (and, of course, I like Smith and i dislike Marx).Einstein thought philosophically. He thought a bit on the lines of Pantheism, actually, a lot. He considered himself of an agnostic because he was astonished by the brilliance behind the Universe. But, on religion, he didn't focus too much on whether he was agnostic or w/e... he even said that ""if you're religious, you might consider me an atheist"". And on how the atheist would consider him religious (sort of how people constantly view me).So maybe philosophy is still vibrant. or not. maybe i'm wrong about the last few mentioned."	AGAINST
4265	creation	also Christians concerned about science.But to correct your confusion, and I do not blame you for being unfamiliar with the premises of ID, ID is not in anyway close to forensic detectives.They deal in real issues such as means, motives, opportunities, and identify suspects. ID is at best claiming that 'x' should be seen as evidence of design because we do not fully comprehend it.Why is it so hard for ID proponents to address these simple facts.	AGAINST
4266	creation	"""In fact, the history of life shows a pattern of explosions where new fossil forms come into existence without any clear evolutionary precursors, concurring with design theory that predicts that species might appear abruptly.""Can someone that believes in ID please explain this ""abrupt"" design of species. When the design happens does a herd of the new species miraculously materialize into existence? Are they born to mothers of a completely different species?I'll consider that ID is more than smoke and mirrors if someone can give me good answers to how these designed species come into existence."	AGAINST
4267	creation	"Who the designer is has nothing to do with it and everyone knows that.And let's just say for sake of argument that there is a Creator. So if there is some kind of intelligence behind earthly life, and again, no one has disproven this as a possibility, then it would seem that the theory of evolution (where everything evolved by random chance with no goal or purpose in mind) would not stand up to the evidence.tj10--Capitalizing ""Creator"" in the second above paragraph invalidates the first statement.  That you capitalize the term demonstrates your veneration for it, and quite simply demonstrates why this is an argument between religion.Additionally, if this is not a fight about a creator, then why is this even worthy of discussion.  ID has never made a falsifiable prediction about biology that has been borne out experimentally and has never shown any scientific use.  Scientific thought abandons theories and notions that are not buttressed by data or logic; ID has never withstood such scrutiny.  That you continue to argue for it in spite of this shows that you have some other agenda.Regarding the rest of your post, it perpetuates the outright lie that what is not currently explained by Darwinian principles and modern biochemistry should induce the same skepticism as the glaring lack of evidence in favor of an outside creator.  At the most simple and basic level, Darwinian biology is based upon the principle that favorable inheritable traits tend to increase in frequency in a population.  Everything else (the rise of life from a primordial goo, the development of men and chimpanzees from a common ancestor, etc.) is based upon this principle and our observations of nature, living or otherwise.  This principle offers immense, and verifiable, predictive power.  Theories derived from this principle have been proven false, but not once has the basis of natural selection ever been shown to be in error.Alternately, at the most simple and basic level, ID is based upon the principle that an outside creator has shaped the course of nature's development.  This argument offers no predictions about the development or characteristics of life.  Moreover, it fails the basic scientific smell test of being falsifiable.  ID can only be declared scientific if the most basic principles of scientific inquiry are mocked.  "	AGAINST
4268	creation	 Scientists can present a great deal more evidence for evolution (various fossils in chronological order clearly showing an evolving skeletal structure) than a Christian can present for intelligent design (none). Therefore, until I see some real evidence for intelligent design, evolution is the most likely culprit for my existence.	AGAINST
4269	creation	"--Hghlander--This is false and misleading. ID does not attempt to fill gaps in science, it looks at the same evidence produced by science (eg, the mechanics of molecular biology) and draws an inference different from folks like PvM. ---While many unfamiliar with ID may believe this to be the case, and indeed, the Discovery Institute has done a good job confusing its followers, it is important to realize that this is exactly how ID works.I am sure that Highlander is familiar with the foundational works of Behe and Dembski, both rely on the absence of science being able to explain a particular feature to infer 'design'. --Highlander-- ID sees a complex system which contains inter-dependent parts, assembled in a highly specific way, does the math on probability this arrangement could arise by chance and concludes the system is designed. Period. No god, no gap filling.---That is incorrect as well, in fact in ID speak, complex means 'lacking scientific explanations', nothing more, nothing less. From this, ID conflates the meaning of complexity with what one has come to understand as complexity in science, which is not the same as how ID 'defines' it. Sneaky eh..But I can understand the levels of confusion. For instance, Highlander asserts that ID calculates the probability that something was designed by chance and then concludes 'design'. While this description only superficially matches the design inference, it shows the gap filling of ""not chance thus design"", nothing more, nothing less. Of course, ID has not done any non trivial calculations of probabilities and worse, it does not have to reject chance alone, which is often the simplest and still intractable calculation, but it also has to exclude regularity pathways. And yet, ask yourself, what calculations exist for the bacterial flagellum or any non trivial biological system?None I tell you. Surprised? I bet. This is but one reason ID has remained scientifically without content.--Highlander--I invite PvM to cite any leading ID theorist filling gaps in scientific knowledge with ID, as claimed above. Just one.---Dembski, Behe come to mind.Glad you asked. Many ID proponents are only vaguely familiar with ID."	AGAINST
4270	creation	Some places do seem more open to honest debate over evolution rather than just trying to brainwash kids.  But this is not true everywhere.  Science should not be about brainwashing, but about seeking for the truth and if it leads to areas that scientists do not like, then so be it.  Another way to put it is that the purpose of science is not to support naturalism, whether it be merely methodological or not, but to search out the truth. Because we all know the answer may lay outside of methodological naturalism.  You might be fishing in a pond where there is no fish. You need open debate to be able to consider all solutions to the problem, including ones that might not fit within a scientists beloved worldview.While no one is recommending mandatory teaching of ID, there is rational reason to censor it either, except that it does not fit within the methodological naturalism of evolutionists. But since that methodological naturalism is just an arbitrary thing and rather recent at that, and since it cannot be proven that the answer to the origin of life actually can be found through methodological naturalism, then there is no reason to limit the debate to that worldview.  Seems rather stupid to do that if one is really after the truth.  If we knew for sure that the truth can be found in that view, that is a different story, but the best thing that can be said now is that scientists believe they will solve it some day.  I guess both sides have faith, huh!	FAVOR
4271	creation	What evidence is there that universal evolution doesn't exist? The universe constantly changes. Creationism is only the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the creation of the ever expanding universe. One must realize that the books of Genesis were not testimonies by God, and therefore were not revelations to us. A revelation is only a revelation to the individual who received the information directly from God himself. As soon as the person tells someone else that something was revealed to him by God, it can only be hearsay and nothing else.	AGAINST
4272	creation	"Carbon 14 is not the only method of dating used to determine the age of the universe.  We can look out into the cosmos and see structures that have come about via billions of years of action, or that are so far away that they would have had to be in place billions of years ago for the light to have reached us by now.  There is also the ice core data that goes back more then six thousand years.It's also important to note that Carbon 14 production is statistically uniform over a geological time scale, since it comes from cosmic ray interactions in the upper atmosphere.  As such it cannot be used to pin down an exact date (February 8th, 1,245,984 years ago) but is still useful for estimating a date range .""And the fossil record tells us that thereÃ•s been a tremendous change. The fossil record is very clear that these   animals   all died suddenly and were covered with deposits of mud instantly.""Is it?  Though some fossils have come from creatures being covered in mud that is not the explanation for all of them.  One can also ask why the levels cluster creatures as they do.  If people lived along side mammoths and stegosauri then why are mammoth and stegosauri fossils not intermingled?  And why are there no fossilized humans in the mix?""Well, friends, my Bible has said that for thousands of years. It was a flood, but it wasnÃ•t an asteroid that did it.""The   bible   is just one of many religious texts explaining the history of the world."	AGAINST
4273	creation	Evolution has more supporting details than the theory of intelligent design. Though, both still remains as a theory because it is still not proven to be otherwise. The evolutionism concept is more based on logic and radical studies. But though I still don't believe that our origin is that of a primate; I like to think that we are an origin of human at the beginning of time and mutate over time. Darwinism concept of primate origin has still a big void that is still left unresolved. So it really comes down to what you want to believe in because both still runs unsupported facts.	AGAINST
4274	creation	"I would if I could.  My grounds for objection are very simple:  This is not an argument.The whole post from Mr Behe can be boiled down to, ""since things are complex, they must be designed.""In another post I said that ID wasn't a theory, it was an untested hypothesis.  It seems I was giving it too much credit.  It's an unfinished hypothesis.What features of the complexity of the cell points to intelligent design?  How does the complexity of the cell point to intelligent design?  These are the kinds of questions you should be answering with this argument.  Please, someone object to this argument, or give me the ability to do so."	AGAINST
4275	creation	Usher got a bad rap. He wasn't trying to find out how old the world was, he wanted to compare the Bible chronology with other historical chronologies to see where the Bible fit into history. Some other literalist took it and decided the world was created in 4004BC and Usher got the blame.	AGAINST
4276	creation	"Behe says: ""Intelligent agents can plan ahead, and act on their plans.""If this is true, then there should always be a conscious effort to prevent lines of organisms from evolving into specialized forms that later become prone to extinction when a sudden change occurs in the environment. What happens instead, according to the fossil record, is that many spectacular but highly specialized animals arise which then suffer from mass extinctions, followed by new and different animals that end up occupying the same ecological niches the extinct ones did. If Intelligent Design made life on Earth, we would expect the designer to make all animals generalized in form and they would almost never go extinct. Evolution by natural selection is a blind process, taking no possible future events into account, that causes most lines of organisms to become more specialized over time. It does this so a species can occupy one ecological niche and keep other species out. When several species occupy the same ecological niche, competition between them eventually cause more specialization and/or causes most of the species to become extinct. Then a sudden change in the environment causes the remaining specialists to die out. That doesn't sound at all like an intelligent agent planning ahead."	AGAINST
4277	creation	 Evolution, is most certainly wrong.  /  - It is a theory, not a factual here are some evolution related things as well as scientific attacks on Christianity indirectly and Bible verses to counter:  />   Hydrology  />   />   /> Hydrologic Cycle  /> Evaporation  /> Condensation Nuclei  /> Condensation  /> Precipitation  /> Run-off  /> Oceanic Reservoir  /> Snow  /> Hydrologic Balance  /> Springs in the Sea  />    />   />   /> Ecclesiastes 1:7; Isaiah 55:10  /> Psalms 135:7; Jeremiah 10:13  /> Proverbs 8:26  /> Job 26:8; 37:11, 16  /> Job 36:26-28  /> Job 28:10  /> Psalms 33:7  /> Job 38:22; Psalms 147:16  /> Job 28:24-26  /> Job 38:16  />   />   /> Geology  />   /> Principle of Isostasy  /> Shape of Earth  /> Rotation of Earth   /> Gravitation   /> Rock Erosion  /> Glacial Period  /> Uniformitarianism  /> Dinosaurs  />    />   /> Isaiah 40:12; Psalm 104:5-9  /> Isaiah 40:22; Job 26:10; Psalm 103:12  /> Job 38:12,14  /> Job 26:7; 38:6  /> Job 14:18,19  /> Job 38:29,30  /> II Peter 3:4  /> Job 40,41  />   />   /> Astronomy  />   /> Size of Universe  /> Number of Stars  /> Uniqueness of Each Star  /> Precision of Orbits  />   /> Job 11:7-9; 22:12; Isaiah 55:9;Jeremiah 31:37  /> Genesis 22:17; Jeremiah 33:22  /> I Corinthians 15:41  /> Jeremiah 31:35,36  />   />   /> Meteorology  />   /> Circulation of Atmosphere  /> Protective Effect of Atmosphere  /> Oceanic Origin of Rain  /> Relation of Electricity to Rain  /> Fluid Dynamics   />    />   /> Ecclesiastes 1:6  /> Isaiah 40:22  /> Ecclesiastes 1:7  /> Job 28:26; Jeremiah 10:13  /> Job 28:25  />   />   /> Biology  />   /> Blood Circulation  /> Psychotherapy  /> Biogenesis and Stability  /> Uniqueness of Man  /> Chemical Nature of Flesh  /> Cave-men  />    />   /> Leviticus 17:11  /> Proverbs 16:24; 17:22  /> Genesis 1:11,21,25  /> Genesis 1:26  /> Genesis 1:11,24-2:7;3:19  /> Job 12:23-25; 30:3-8  />   />   /> Physics  />   /> Mass-Energy Equivalence  /> Source of Energy for Earth  /> Atomic Disintegration  /> Electrical Transmission of Information  /> Television  /> Rapid Transportation  />   /> Colossians 1:17; Hebrews 1:3  /> Psalms 19:6  /> II Peter 3:10  /> Job 38:35  /> Revelation 11:9-11  /> Daniel 12:4	FAVOR
4278	creation	Hi PvM, they finally got things straightened out.As far as scientific findings go the numbers of evolutionbelieving scientist's is on a major decline. The more technology is able to understand the more everyone will have to abandon the primitive thinking of evolutionarytheory (theory being the key word). When scientists become brave enough to follow the evidence wherever it leads they will land on God's doorstep. 30 years from nowit will be embarrassing for anyone to admit to being anevolutionist.	FAVOR
4279	creation	" Genetic tests have proven that we are very closely related to certain apes- a branch on the same family tree. A proven fact is just that, a fact, and isn't ""wrong."""	AGAINST
4280	creation	"Preventing creationism to be taught is not violating freedom of religion. Evolutionism is not a religion, and therefore renders this argument void."	AGAINST
4281	creation	Scientific subjects such as the creation and development of the universe aren't really democratic topics. Just because some smart people who believe in evolution are outnumbered by an army of morons who believe in creationism, doesn't give creationism any more validity. Those who believe in creationism when there is clear, scientific evidence against it are either ignorant to the theory of evolution or stupid. But those who continue to believe in creationism despite having access to the truth (like in America) are surely stupid.	AGAINST
4282	creation	Perhaps the author can explain why, of all of the thousands of researchers in geology, biology (particularly evolutionary biologists), and paleontology.. in other words the people who are truly eperts in this area.... no more than a very tiny minority support ID. Why so much emphasis on the fossil record, and little reference to what DNA tells us?And, if a common ancestor is not incompatible with ID, then why is evolution incompatible with the concept of God? Couldn't God have created the evolutionary process as his way of propagating life? Fundamental religious people often blindly call on faith to explain difficult or even paradoxical concepts (why do children die?). They appeal to God's mysterious ways, and cite mankind's hubris in attempting a rational explanation. But in the case of evolution, they turn around and claim to know that God does not favor this particular format for the creation of life. Presumably this is because the Bible provides evidence to the contrary. But now we hear that the Bible is subject to interpretation, as, instead of a 7 day process, the creation of life was done over eons, with new forms appearing spontaneously. Do you believe in the Bible literally, or do you not? And if not, how can you use it to support ID?	AGAINST
4283	creation	"Kent Hovind is where he belongs!  Both of his ""ministries"" Creation Science Evangelism, and his dinosaur theme park were for-profit organizations.  Almost all bona fide Christian for-profit organizations, such as Christian booksellers, and Christian music and recording businesses pay their due taxes.  But Hovind was so self-deluded that he thought he was above the law--the tax law!  Also, he's insane.  He believes a lot of nonsense about the government, UFOs, one-world government and Antichrist conspiracies and such.I wonder if he will ever get out.Barb Rainey"	AGAINST
4284	creation	actually I'm not simply looking backwards... I'm looking at it statistically.. in the case of the moon it is not only a necessity for life - the eclipse that I've mentioned is statistically ridiculous.  You say is it 'extremely unlikely'... no... that is putting it ungodly lightly.  If you look at it as simply being 'improbable' but so what.... then that's your choice.   We have no real choice but to 'look backwards' - so in other words any evidence is not evidence for you.  DNA could be called 'highly unlikely'.. and so could matter spewing out and forming entire universes..... this is 'the gamblers fallacy'.  If you simply think that all the species of life and the universe itself is no more than a very lucky flipping of infinite coins... be my guest - but the reasoning is not sound.	FAVOR
4285	creation	"""Common descent neither supports, nor refutes ID.""Because, of course, ID really does not mean anything significant."	AGAINST
4286	creation	"From Wikipedia, the Scientific Method!1. Define the question2. Gather information and resources 3. Form hypothesis 4. Perform experiment and collect data5. Analyze data6. Interpret data and draw conclusions that serve as a starting point for new hypothesis7. Publish results8. Retest So you're telling me that a procedure that starts with 3, moves to 2, pretends to have done 4, combines 5 and 6, and never ever touches on 6 or 8 or 1 is ""scientific?"" "	AGAINST
4287	creation	"Because students are impressionable, if you teach them the literal truth of Genesis as science, they may well believe you. Since you are wrong, this is not to be welcomed, particularly since what your teaching involves is a wilful misunderstanding of the nature of scientific method, with implications for their understanding of science in general for the rest of their lives. The fact that more than half of all Americans believe that the world was created by God in seven days is a testament to political pressure from Christians to water down the science curriculum, and it is harmful - because it is wrong. We may allow children to be sent to faith schools, but we do not allow those schools to teach them whatever they like."	AGAINST
4288	creation	"""Obviously you haven't done much reading on the AiG website.""Of course not.  That would be a terrible waste of time.  But some people with a little time on their hands have looked at their nonsense and shown it for the nonsense that it is.  For instance - AIG specifically warns you not to read ""talk origins"".  They are afraid that you might realize that ""talk origins"" clearly demonstrates that what AIG tells you is nonsense.    /"	AGAINST
4289	creation	"We do seem to be arguing past each other, and I will apologize for some of that.As for Caroline Crocker, I mentioned her in my previous argument, of people who were not fired for merely mentioning ID. If you would like to hear the real story of what happened with her please look here. As the article shows, she actually taught creationism, and made flawed arguments against evolution. The students were the ones that complained, and she later lied about being blacklisted.As for your post of non-religious scientists, I must point out that that is a blog and not a scientific peer reviewed journal. Because I am not a scientist myself I cannot accurately peer review them, however I can say that I can see what appear to be flaws in their arguments. They talk about ""specified complexity."" What this means is that a system, is too complex to have evolved. Another term that is often used by ID proponents is ""irreducible complexity."" This argument has already been debunked by numerous scientists including Ken Miller. Here is a video of him proving the argument to be invalid. What this leads me to believe is that there are other flaws, and that they are merely giving specious reasons for ID."	AGAINST
4290	creation	ID doesn't undermine evolution. it doesn't say it didn't happen.and it's funny how all of a sudden you speak for every scientist. i think in Logical terms we call that a fallacy.I already said that it shouldn't be taught as a science (don't know what your rambling was about), I was just upset at how some people (not most though) react to it. you know, having to type extremely long explanations on why it's wrong (even though it proves nothing).As i've explained already, our brain automatically attempts to rationalize things and in that effect it is irrational. This has been proven (Mueller). I'm not saying that science is bad (it's one of my most favorite subjects to research on), I'm just saying that things aren't ALWAYS as they seem, and no matter how hard we try, we won't be able to reason certain aspects out because our brain won't accept it.and, I'm not saying ID has to be true just because the probability of life is practically zero. Obviously we hardly know shit about the Universe and Time. But because of this, it's not insane to suggest that there may be more to it (because there obviously is). ID may say that it's a God, and sometimes it will say it's just some kind of guide. Maybe some powerful force of energy that creates a guidance (the one i find most probable).but go ahead. just say that ID is creationist propaganda trying to destroy the theory of evolution.	AGAINST
4291	creation	"Again, we hit walls of diction, but it's a great debate and I'm on your side (evolutionists). I want to see the blood and guts of what constitutes ""proof"", however, and I find that blind faith goes in multiple directions. In other words: I've seen evangelists of science as blinded as their christian counterparts. Loops/fractals in math, nature, logic, and many other scientific methods give me the idea that 2 opposing viewpoints can be equally true, just as a segment of light can be seen as a particle or a wave, depending on the method. Quirky? yes. Contradictory? yes. Tell me what 0/infinity could mean, and my answer is: Both. Thinkaboutit."	AGAINST
4292	creation	"In science, testing a hypothesis or theory means deriving predictions from them. Thus, if I hypothesize that species have changed over time, then I predict that million-year-old fossils will indicate similarities with species today but with stark differences.  It follows, then, that if predictions cannot be derived from the supernatural, then neither can if-then arguments be developed against it.  For example, one could not logically argue that if God is all-good, then there would be no evil because this is deriving predictions from the supernatural.Nevertheless, every atheist who passionately opposes theism, religion, and ID has made these arguments.  In ""God: The Failed Hypothesis"", physicist Victor Stenger even proposed to develop a scientific model of God that he claimed could be used to test the God hypothesis.  Naturally, he found that his model did not hold and therefore God does not exist.  But did the scientific community chastise him for baiting-and switching, for pretending like science can make statements about God when it really can't?  Of course not!  This is because his conclusions concerning the hypothesis were in the negative.  What matters to atheist scientists is not the evidence, but whether the evidence can be interpreted as atheistic.  If it can, then the evidence is strong.  If it cannot, then it is weak.  These are my predictions using self-verification theory.  Let's see if my predictions are supported by evidence."	FAVOR
4293	creation	Was the earth created in six days or six thousand years?  All evidence points to a accretion of material over the course of millions of years several starting around 4 billion years ago.Genesis is just a creation myth, just like all the others.	AGAINST
4294	creation	Why is it more reasonable to conclude common descent rather than common design from the similarity we see among species. I would argue that common design is far more reasonable. Here is why. This is a quote from the article and the full article can be found at the link below.ConclusionThe methodology for inferring common descent has broken down. Proponents of neo-Darwinian evolution are forced into reasoning that similarity implies common ancestry, except for when it doesnÃ•t. And when it doesnÃ•t, they appeal to all sorts of ad hoc rationalizations to save common ancestry. Tellingly, the one assumption and view that they are not willing to jettison is the overall assumption of common ancestry itself. This shows that evolutionists treat common descent in an unfalsifiable, and therefore unscientific and ideological, fashion.Meanwhile, as far as the data is concerned, the New Scientist article admits, Ã’Ever since Darwin the tree has been the unifying principle for understanding the history of life on Earth,Ã“ but because Ã’different genes told contradictory evolutionary stories,Ã“ the notion of a tree of life is now quickly becoming a vision of the past Ã‘ as the article stated, itÃ•s being Ã’annihilated.Ã“ Perhaps the reason why different genes are telling Ã’different evolutionary storiesÃ“ is because the genes have wholly different stories to tell, namely stories that indicate that all organisms are not genetically related. For those open-minded enough to consider it, common design is a viable alternative to common descent.	FAVOR
4295	creation	Having the ability to learn, but refusing it, is ignorance.	FAVOR
4296	creation	 Well evolution is by far the most logical idea I have heard about where man came from.....I mean it could be worse people could tell you that man and woman started off naked in a garden with nothing but an apple tree and a talking snake for company,...LOL how ludicrous is that?  The theory of evolution wins every time!	AGAINST
4297	creation	"I guess I must be old fashioned - but I do believe in real science. And I do recall that scientific experiments have never given evidence to suggest that spontaneous generation occurs. That being true, why in the world do so many in the scientific community hold so tightly to the notion that somehow, out of the ""primordial ooze"", given just the right mixture of mud, slime and chemicals, a living single cell organism just sort of ""poofed"" into existence, complete with DNA, and able to reproduce. And then, that single organism just kept on changing into a new species every so often, which ""evolved"" over time into all of the plants and animal that we see on the earth today. Now, that is a monstrous stretch of the imagination, not to mention totally non-scientific, and at best, pure speculation and more likely pure nonsense. There is no evidence to support this idea. So why is this theory of spontaneous generation at the very core of modern science today?  Years ago, without the tools of DNA analysis, and to appease those who funded certain ""scientific experiments and writing"", I can see how the evolution theory was ginned up, with the backing of some physical science and observation. It was a story easy to understand, and with the education of the day, it appeared believable. People said, ""Aaaaah. Now I can sleep at night, knowing how I got here.""I understand that without some kind of creation theory, there is a huge ""void"" in understanding our existence: How did we get here? Where did we come from? What about the dinosaurs? However, I was taught via science at a young age that ""just because you don't understand something or have evidence to prove it, you are not justified in making up a story to fill in the gaps, and then selling the idea as fact"".Very recent, extensive, highly sophisticated genetic studies have generated very compelling evidence to suggest that one species does not ""evolve"" or ""give rise"", over time to a separate species. While I believe that through ""natural selection"" and ""survival of the fittest"" a species in a given area may prosper or decline, and through that ""natural selection"" process, certain physical or other attributes become more common in a species in a given area, genetic evidence suggests that one species does not ""evolves"" into another species over time. The way I see it, Intelligent Design is just as viable a theory as spontaneous generation. In fact, even more believable. Why? Because:1.) I am 100% certain that I am really here. I can prove it. I am proof that a living human species really does exist. There is real, hard evidence. And there is solid evidence that a huge variety of different kinds of living things exist today on this earth and have existed in the past.2.) The Human species has a huge variability in physical and other attributes, but genetically we are all one species. We are not genetically linked to any other species on the planet.3.) Since spontaneous generation does not work, how do you account for the fact that there is life on this earth? It had to have happened some way. There is an explanation.4.) And since one species does not give rise to another different species, just how would you account for the incredible variety of living species on this earth today? There has to be some explanation.4.) The notion of Intelligent Design, with all of the possibilities that goes along with it (including the notion that perhaps that entity is possibly the same species as I am) seems very plausible to me, and not nearly as flakey as clinging to a non-scientific notion of spontaneous generation, or that one species gives rise to another different species over time and thereby gave rise to all of the varieties of species on this planet today. C'mon now. LetÃ•s actually be scientific about this! Intelligent Design has as much merit as the non-scientific evolution theory. Intelligent Design DOES NOT necessarily imply ""religion"". Where does that notion come from? It merely implies an intelligent life form ""could"" have had a hand (or paw, or branch) in populating this planet with the wide variety of living things we see today.So the way I see it, anyone with a sound scientific mind would consider it idiotic NOT to put forth Intelligent Design as a possibility."	FAVOR
4298	creation	`Guided by a larger force`. I can't be sure of course, but I believe that that is not the case. If that is true then it seems that it will turn out to be a religious matter, because humans will automatically consider that force as god. Even if some force created us, humans shouldn't take for granted that it did it so that we worship it. He might did it for fun or more likely just because that`s what is does. Why do ants make colonies on the ground and gather in big teams? Because that`s what they do, to survive. Maybe the force needs to create things to survive and if that is the case by now it will probably have forgotten about this place a long long time ago since it will be far far away creating other things.	AGAINST
4299	creation	Yes I'm fully aware what a Solar Eclipse is.. the point was that not only do they line up - the sun and moon fill each other precisely.  This would not happen by chance... for example if it were possible to stand on the surface of Jupiter I highly doubt that any 1 of it's 63 orbiting bodies would exhibit the same effect.  The point is that the moon to sun ratio causes them to appear the exact size... got it?.. What are the odds?  The only planet where life exists is the only planet where this spectacle can be enjoyed....And the moon is essential to life since it stabilizes our tilt on our axis.. without it the earth would wobble causing massive   climate change  .  These things show design.. not accident - which is the point.  I'm afraid you are completely missing that point though...Also, it's silly to assume our eyes would adapt to the pitch black of night if there was no moon... half the day we would still be in sunlight.  Even nocturnal   animals   require light at night to see.. they just make better use of it by it reflecting off the back of the eye.Anyway.. the list of things in this world which reveal that they were designed for our habitation is as long as the list of things in this world.... if you can't 'see' that... I guess I can't change it.	FAVOR
4300	creation	On Pandasthumb, Nick Matzke, whose contributions to Dover v Kitzmiller were instrumental in the stunning defeat of Intelligent Design and whose contributions to exposing the fallacies in Behe''s arguments as well as the extent of ignorance of science amongst ID proponents has caused much concern amongst ID proponents, so much that in general they have chosen to pretend, in a typical creationist fashion, that Matzke's arguments do not exist. In this example, Matzke shows how Luskin's attempts to rebut the Kitzmiller decision by exposing the scientific vacuity of ID, once again backfire in light of the current state of scientific knowledge.      Nick Matzke:Over on the opposingviews.com website, Casey Luskin of the DI tries to rebut the Kitzmiller decision by re-fighting BeheÃ•s spectacular implosion on the issue of the evolution of the vertebrate immune system. To review, in his 1996 book DarwinÃ•s Black Box, Behe claimed that:--Behe    Ã’As scientists we yearn to understand how this magnificent mechanism came to be, but the complexity of the system dooms all Darwinian explanations to frustruation.Ã“ (DarwinÃ•s Black Box, p. 139)    Ã’We can look high or we can look low, in books or in journals, but the result is the same. The scientific literature has no answers to the question of the origin of the immune system.Ã“ (DarwinÃ•s Black Box, p. 138)--(PvM: Note how these are the typical ID arguments against science, we do not know, thus designed)As the debate over Ã’irreducible complexityÃ“ developed in the next decade, the most detailed arguments would go basically like this:--    ID: Gradual evolution by natural selection canÃ•t produce IC structures because any structure missing a part would be nonfunctional    Evo: You are ignoring cooption of structures with different functions, which has a been a major feature of the evolutionary explanation of complex structures ever since the Origin of Species.    ID: Cooption explanations are too improbable.    Evo: Why?    ID: Because we say so.    Evo: But homology evidence shows that Ã’IC systemsÃ“ lacking parts can still have other functions, and therefore your claim that structures missing parts would be nonfunctional is wrong    ID: OK well I donÃ•t have a comeback on that point, so instead I will claim that evolutionary cooption explanations arenÃ•t detailed & tested enough to satisfy me.    Evo: HereÃ•s a bunch of detailed & tested research papers on the evolution of system X.    ID: Not detailed enough. I need every single mutation & selection pressure before I admit that evolution produced this IC system rather than ID.--At this point the ID proponent has abandoned the original argument and therefore lost, even though he wonÃ•t admit it. Knowing all of this before the Kitzmiller trial, we devised ways to bring this point to the attention of the judge. The most famous example was the fabled Ã’immune system crossÃ“. A large amount of evidence was submitted that showed how the key feature of the vertebrate adaptive immune system, rearranging immune receptors (antibodies), evolved. Read the rest at        and educate yourself on the current status of science regarding the immune system and its evolution, and compare it with how ID 'explains' said immune system ('poof'). 	AGAINST
4301	creation	 It's not falling apart its evolving as new data arrives. ThatÃ¢Â€Â™s what logical people do in the face of new information. What would be really ridiculous is to take one set of ideas invented by a bunch of superstitious tribesmen 2000 years ago and refuse to credit any new thoughts, philosophies, or sciences developed since.	AGAINST
4302	creation	ID has no merit except as a religious idea.  For ID to be even minimally logical, the IDer must be God.  Positing any other possible Designer is illogical because the question can be fairly asked: where did they come from?  If they are naturally occuring, then we can be too.  If they are not, then ID just posits God at some degree of separation.ID is, in fact, just a version of creationism.  Actually, ID is one of the oldest forms of scientific creationism; a version of it was proposed by William Paley around 1802; about seven (7) years BEFORE CHARLES DARWIN WAS BORN.  The modern version of ID is differnt from Paley's watchmaker, but only because 206 years have passed.  At least Paley was honest enough to not obscure the religious nature of his idea.	AGAINST
4303	creation	This is the age old question.  This has been the battle of philosophers for all of time.  Great minds have struggled with it.  Nations have died fighting over it.  Are we created or an accident?  Are we machines choosing between incorrect and correct responses, or are we sentient being choosing between good and evil?  How could you not teach this? 	FAVOR
4304	creation	 Amusing, is all I can really say to cancer11's response. By questions such as 'can you make the sun shine on your own?' are you implying that the only reason for such a thing to happen is that God made it so? Do you require a proper scientific answer to that question?   /> I think the entire idea of creationism has gotten dearly out of hand. With science advancing so far it's strange to hear that people think, for example, that a God randomly, without any particular reason whatsoever, created the universe and everything in it. There are so many illogical flaws in that theory, it's unbelievable. Who would have thought that such a belief could spread so far?	AGAINST
4305	creation	No, evolution has yet to proven. Evolution consists of an organism who progressed into a more complex collection like animals, then into homosapiens,then into what we are today. If this were true, why has the evolution process ceased, why arent there half monkey,half men walking around who have just entered the middle cycle of evolution, why aren't we evolving to some strange terrestrial body? These questions obviously can't be proven. So no, evolution has not yet been proven.	FAVOR
4306	creation	 Sorry, but this is not an opinion. It's a fact.  /   /> There is a massive amount of evidence that supports evolution.	AGAINST
4307	creation	An appeal to one narrow religious text isn't very persuasive. Why should CCC be important to anyone not a Catholic? You should be bringing arguments that anyone who lives in the same reality can agree with.	AGAINST
4308	creation	Yes.. he knew all of that -- he knew we would fall... he knew the translations would vary.. all of the above.  Keep in mind also that some of what we are discussing is my particular viewpoint of God.. not a Catholic, Protestant... or anything like that perspective -first off, I believe in a combination of predestination and free will - that they are both one in the same.  As they say.. it was his 'plan'.  The questions of evil in the world might be difficult for you.. as well as for most people to understand... but not from my viewpoint.  Most importantly.. this life we live is the blink of an eye compared to eternity - pain and death that we perceive as so terrible.. is truly nothing but a dot on the timeline...  look back to a period of your life that was very painful - now that you are far past it.. was it that big of a deal?.. Like I said.. these things are hard for most to understand.. but it's simply a matter of viewpoint.And my point was simply.. that even in the 'inferior' translations - the meaning still is the same.And thou shalt not kill... thou shalt not   murder  . right.. you are talking about semantics - we all understand the meaning.  Those saying they don't are being deliberately difficult and willfully ignorant.. like a child pretending to not understand a parent's meaning simply so they can ignore the implications..All of us know that disciplining a child is important - spare the rod / spoil the child (which is a paraphrase of the actual verses) is an example of that lesson, which is absolutely true.  A child without   discipline   ends up being worse for it throughout his life - ( I'm a good example.. I never learned discipline and because of that I'm terribly irresponsible) These are all good rules.. Any sentence in the   bible   can be misinterpreted.. and misunderstood - yet, the fact remains that the rule itself is correct.As far as those who don't believe in the 'Christian' God... this is an endlessly exaggerated perspective - We only have a few major religions - Islam uses the bible - the jews use the bible - and so do Christians.. among the jews and islamic it's simply they don't feel that Christ was divine.. beyond that they are simply different splinters of Christianity.  Then you have the eastern religions.. which do not profess divinity - for example buddha was a man - that sat beneath a tree and was inspired.. and wrote a book of how people should live...from his deep understanding. This is not even in the same category.  There has only been one   religion   that professed divinity in the way that Christianity has..The point is - any line in the Bible or religious concept can be difficult if you come at it without understanding.. and I'm sure you could continue for pages with examples.. but that is simply misunderstanding.  If I had the inclination to explain each and every one to you... I definitely could.. but really I can't devote my life to this conversation... =)	FAVOR
4309	creation	"You are using the common tactic of forcing someone to disprove a negative.  There is no ""if-then"" argument required for something which has absolutely no evidence.  According to your reasoning I am justified in inventing anything that pops into my head and it is incumbent upon you to disprove it.  This is not science.P.S. - Characterizing atheists as ""passionate"" is like calling a rationalist ""emotional"".  "	AGAINST
4310	creation	 Look! There is no proof that God or any thing in the Bible existed! Where as, there is proof to suggest that we are related to monkeys as we have the same arm structure and the same bio-organisms.	AGAINST
4311	creation	 Devil's advocate: Creationism is true because Creation (the world) exists, and the Bible exists in it, and the Bible confirms Creationism. So we have the world and the Bible as two data points drawing a straight line back to Creationism.   />   /> Nobel Prize, please!!	FAVOR
4312	creation	"In his latest book ""Edge of Evolution"" Behe attempts to define this edge by pointing to malaria as an example of a designed system in which, according to Behe, two simultaneous mutations are required, and given the estimated probabilities of 1 in 10^20, this may be quite unlikely.First of all, Behe's estimate of probabilities come from a side comment in a paper which at best ventures to guess at probabilities :--The estimates for chloroquine and artemisinin are speculative. In the former case, this assumes two events in 10 years of use with exposure of 10% of the worldÃ•s falciparum malaria (Burgess &Young 1959; Martin&Arnold1968; Looareesuwan et al. 1996; Su et al. 1997 --and ignores the relevant research that shows the gradual evolution of resistance to malaria as document in various research papers:Pooja Mittra, Sumiti Vinayak, Hina Chandawat, Manoj K. Das, Neeru Singh, Sukla Biswas, Vas Dev, Ashwani Kumar, Musharraf A. Ansari, and Yagya D. Sharma, Progressive Increase in Point Mutations Associated with Chloroquine Resistance in Plasmodium falciparum Isolates from IndiaVolume 193(2006), pages 1304 - 1312For more details, see Nick Matzke's contribution    "	AGAINST
4313	creation	This is not a debate on whether you can disprove it or not, this is a debate on if in your mind it's been proved.	FAVOR
4314	creation	How do public schools 'support hate of   religion  '?	AGAINST
4315	creation	"Actually I meant to say that if Adam and Eve's children had to practice incest in order to ""go forth and multiply"" then it meant that God ordained it.  And the same God condemn it centuries later.  Does this mean that incest is forbidden only for Jews, Christians, etc. who regard the Bible are their authority?B. Rainey"	AGAINST
4316	creation	"""The purpose of the spiritual realm has never been to say how, but why. ""It doesn't even do that very well.  'Why' is what drives scientists as much as how.  Trying to figure out why things are the way they are is at the heart of scientific inquiry.  The spiritual realm is not about discovering why but about telling you why."	AGAINST
4317	creation	Stop eating at creationist's heads and settle down a tad. Look at the facts. Pick a flower and study it. Believe me, this will keep you busy for quite some time. Did this happen in a loud noise? A pot of slime? It seems it would be nicer to think of oneself as a wondrous creature created by God as the pinnacle of creation, as opposed to something that used to be an ape and somehow and eventually became a human. It leaves so much to be explained..ALSO why are you so rabidly angry at the idea of ID being in public school textbooks? Evolution is in eeevery single one. If freedom of speech and truth is such an issue why dont we put BOTH views in science books and have teachers encourage students to talk to their parents about it. So we can still be a diverse country of beliefs, not of stupid sheep. 	FAVOR
4318	creation	" The theories of Evolution and Creationism are not mutually exclusive but are actually complimentary.  Simply put, Evolution explains the history of the human beings physical transformation over time, and Creationism explains the birth of the human soul and spirit.  (See the opening scene in the move ""2001: A Space Odyssey"" when the first monkey, in the presence of the great black monolith, gains the consciousness needed to crossover and become human in spirit.)   /> The book of Genesis was written in the literary form of allegory typical of its period and was never meant to be a scientific manual.  History tells us that science as an empirically studied discipline did not come into existence until the late the 18th century in Europe so to think that the Book of Genesis some 5000 years before should have included more scientific evidence is simply preposterous.  /> And despite all of the advances in science today, no one will ever find the fossilized remains of the human spirit in any rock.   Human beings would never have discovered the theory of evolution were it not for the gift of intellectual consciousness which uniquely distinguishes us from all other species.     /> For those then who believe only in Evolution, life is but a scientific accident, a metaphysical mistake.  For those who believe only in Creationism, life is just magic.  Given the choice between ""magic"" or a ""mistake"", I choose Purpose."	AGAINST
4319	creation	"The question is somewhat meaningless because you can believe that we were created by Design and still conclude that Intelligent Design, as proposed by the Discovery Institute and its fellows,  is a scientifically vacuous concept.For instance, many theistic evolutionists have no problem accepting both the design aspect as a faith element as well as science as providing the best explanation as to 'how'. The problem with ID is that it attempts to argue that the 'how', in the form of evolutionary theory, is somehow unable to explain this. And yet, the concept of a front loading design, is well within the paradigm of how ID approaches the issue and although ID proponents are quick to reject front loading since they have accepted an active participating deity on faith, the simple reality is that a God who set all in motion with the Big Bang, is as much part of the ID explanation as a God who is involved at every single moment in time and space. However, the former is much better supported by the evidence than the latter, for obvious reasons. To counter, ID proponents argue that evolutionary mechanisms lack purpose and are random, both of course are misleading and flawed arguments.First, the concept of purpose or teleology is a complex one, where purpose and function are easily confused and thus when we see the outcome of evolutionary processes that lead to function, one may be tempted to conflate this with purpose. Secondly, evolutionary theory is not random, although aspects of evolutionary theory involve neutral evolution, which involves changes in the genome which are near neutral and have no significant benefit or cost to the organism, evolutionary theory also includes the Darwinian concept of natural selection, which is by definition strongly non-random.ID proponents try to counter this with, yes but random or regular processes cannot explain complexity and information. Which is sort of tautological in ID speak since whenever such processes can explain a complex system with information, the complexity disappears by definition. Since ID proponents often conflate terminology like the concept of information, and attempt to argue that they really mean Shannon information, the simple observation that processes of variation and selection can in fact create information in the genome, in the Shannon sense, undermines any argument ID may have.So what have we determined so far? That scientists can both accept the religious concept of 'design' and still do science without accepting the flawed and scientifically vacuous approaches of ID. In fact, many such Christian scientists would argue that ID not just remains without scientific content but also that its theological claims undermine Christian faith. For instance, imagine, and not much imagination is needed given the recent research, that science finds a more detailed explanation of the bacterial flagellum, which is the cause celebre of the ID movement? This would mean that science has disproven ID, or has it? If it has disproven ID then indeed ID may have some scientific value but why would ID want to open up religious faith to an unreliable design inference? History has shown us plenty of examples where 'design' was falsified, even Newton flunked here. Of course, the reality is that ID is never placing the 'designer' at risk because it is not an argument for Design but rather an argument against evolutionary theory. So all it has done is made a claim that ""science cannot explain X"" and science has done what it does so well, show that the lack of explanation was based on our ignorance not some mystical 'design' explanation. In other words, ID's proposal is not one which proposed an alternative explanation, in fact, it is not better than ""science does not yet understand how X happened"", but rather proposes that a particular scientific hypothesis cannot explain 'X'. By careful bait and switch and a confusion that evidence against a particular evolutionary hypothesis should be counted as evidence in favor of design, ID manages to avoid a scientific formulation of design and still pretend that it proposes a scientifically relevant hypothesis in favor of design.Clever bunch but in the end, vacuous as well.So ""were we created by design""? As a Christian I fully accept this. However, I still reject Intelligent Design's approach not just because it is scientifically without any content but also because I believe it is misleading and dangerous from a theological perspective."	AGAINST
4320	creation	..... I'm talking about the EVOLUTION of the first immune system.  You can't inherit what doesn't exist..	FAVOR
4321	creation	"It's not about 'believing in ID', many people have come to accept by faith the existence of a god, but rather that scientists do not believe that ID has much of anything to offer scientifically speaking.--NCSE Statement--It is scientifically inappropriate and pedagogically irresponsible for creationist pseudoscience, including but not limited to ""intelligent design,"" to be introduced into the science curricula of our nation's public schools. --Of course, if you are interested in the many rebuttals of ID by scientists, then I suggest you show your interest to discuss and we shall see where this leaves. The fact that scientists, even many Christian scientists see no scientific merit in ID is not really much of a surprise given the approach chosen by ID to rely on a scientifically vacuous concept.So what are you waiting on?"	AGAINST
4322	creation	 Has anyone got a more rational explanation?	AGAINST
4323	creation	"The pro-IDers claim that ""ID Uses Scientific Method; Infers Design by Testing Positive PredictionsDiscovery Institute on ID Uses Scien. Method; Infers Design by Testing Positive Predictions""However this is false and misleading. First of all it is important to point out that by design, ID means the ""set theoretic complement of the disjunction regularity or chance"". Now what does this mean? This means that when science fails to have found an explanation for any particular system, ID argues that the default should not be ""we don't know"" but rather ""design"". In other words, design is a place holder for our ignorance. Now ask yourself, does ID provide any positive explanations? Of course it does not. How otherwise does ID explain the bacterial flagellum? It provides no testable hypotheses beyond the negative claim that ""science cannot explain it"".Notice that ID remains scientifically vacuous, that is without merit, because it is unable to constrain its designer(s) which means that as an explanation it cannot even compete with the ""we don't know"" category.In other words, ID uses misleading terminology as well as bait and switch to make its claims. Ask yourself for instance: how does ID define 'information' and how to does it actually use this terminology? Information is the negative base two logarithm of the probability that a particular system can be explained by science. In other words, complexity or information, two terms which are used interchangeably by ID disappears when one can explain the system. But that also means that no complexity remains if ID were to be able to explain the system.Realize that ID has failed to be scientifically relevant in any non trivial manner and you will come to realize why it has remained and is in fact doomed to remain, scientifically vacuous."	AGAINST
4324	creation	I grant your point sir.	AGAINST
4325	creation	What do you think!	FAVOR
4326	creation	"""Riiiight. Well ""specified complexity"" is a nonsense phrase to confuse the rubes."" How so?""And apparently ""tell-tale signs"" are also in the eye of the beholder.""If you say so. Synergy sounds like a pretty universal sign to me.""So what? This is simply known science. There is no ""tell-tale sign"" of an ""intelligent agent"". Not in the eye of this beholder anyway.""If   evolution   cannot produce such a mechanism, what are we to conclude?""Nope. Science is reality. Reality is science. If science can explain reality without resorting to a miracle or the supernatural, then science is satisfactory.""So ID is science. Good to know. ""But if the ""supernatural"" is ""outside science"", then your only chance is to show that there are some observed events (miracles) that cannot be explained by science.""What does the ""supernatural"" have to do with this? And I agree that if you can find something evolution cannot produce, and it is characteristic of a designed system then ID gains merit.""This is an argument from ignorance. If science cannot (yet?) explain this, then it must be a miracle caused by a supernatural entity.""No it isn't:    /id/1159    /id/1167    ""If science can explain it and ID can also explain it, then science is preferred because ID introduces an unnecessary element. So the burden of proof is on ID to show that the extra element is necessary.""And if science can't explain it?"	FAVOR
4327	creation	" Creation is fantasy and you can't prove a fantasy.  /   /> Even if evolution theory were not perfect it's still the best we've got.  />   /> The thought that a few thousand years ago fingers snapped and everything was here is utterly LAUGHABLE.  So did God stick million year old fossils in the ground just to test our faith?    />   /> It reminds me of when primitive cultures have a creation story like some big bird flew over and dropped a magic seed from which we all sprouted.  Imagine if that culture were the dominant force today and they were saying ""God, he doesn't exist, the true believers know it was that big bird who dropped a seed.  Now we must insist the big bird theory be taught in schools and both Evolution and God's Creationism are to be debunked"".  Nonesense."	AGAINST
4328	creation	The Ayn Rand Center and I agree, for once, about the fact that ID is nothing more than bait and switch and that ID at best is a religiously motivated attack on science, as the DI seems to admit in their own Wedge Document. As a Christian myself, I have a hard time understanding why 'bait and switch' would further a Christian message. But perhaps I am missing something here.	AGAINST
4329	creation	I cannot argue with your opinions as to what you want to believe. We all seek purpose in life, I fail to see how ID can help us here.	AGAINST
4330	creation	I actively attend the origins conferences hosted by a variety of different organizations, including Christian universities, Reasons to Believe, and most recently the Skeptic Society. I even saw a particularly dumbfounding live presentation by Kent Hovind when he was still a free man. After all that, I have yet to encounter one shred of convincing scientific evidence for a young earth or special creation.Are there any specific examples that you had in mind? How do these creation scientists show that   evolution   is false? If they truly have found convincing evidence, they should be household names. Scientists love to overturn established theroies. Such discoveries bring lots of grant money.	AGAINST
4331	creation	"PvM>>""Cool, now the claim is the arrival of variation. Yes, Margulis' claims were received with scepticism, and it was through hard scientific work that she managed to support her claims and science eventually accepted them. No similarities at all with ID which proposes nothing. As to the supply of the fittest, the issue of the 'arrival of the fittest' is of significant interest right now to science, what do you suggest has ID contributed to this?The answer is simple: Nothing""Self-organizing systems reflect constraints, as well as the appearance of randomness. It is significant that the final product itself is intelligent. That a stochastic process can be so fruitful is, itself, a testimony to the intelligence that directs such randomness. I don't know what the DI has contributed to this because I have not thouroughly examined their work.            If I had to take a theoretical stab at it, perhaps this might be one approach.  Look at intelligence and design where we can most likely identify it, It seems that in order to distinguish intelligence from ""dumb"" physical processes, one must first decide whether intelligence even exists in humans, and if so, what it is that distinguishes it from non-intelligence. Likewise for design. What characterizes or demonstrates premeditated intent from pure accident at the only level we can reliably distinguish it, the human level. As obvious as these questions sound, they are actually non-givens. Once that can be agreed upon, it would not be that hard (relatively speaking) to set up a prospective study with rapidly reproducing organisms showing detectable micro-evolution.  PvM>>""This is a misleading statement, there is no scientific issue of intelligence operative within both, in fact, science does allow God to be hidden behind these natural processes, it remains silent on such. Let's not pretend though that this is a scientific position.""Let's instead pretend that intelligence can never be detected? Is there a scientific issue that excludes the operation of intelligence? Your statement reflects your belief. You probably won't find it. Your methodology has infected your worldview. You are a good apologist for naturalism. I prefer to see reality, metaphysical and physical as related. Separate disciplines  are certainly fruitful but both science and theology teach us that a bigger picture adds a new dimension. Is there no value to that? Theology and Science should talk again, neither fearing."	FAVOR
4332	creation	Only someone who does not beleive in God would have to ask how the world was created in six days. So then, is he the intelligent designer? The one who could creat reality from nothing? Scientist have it hard only having to work with what is already made. Trying to play God is never an easy task. Science will only have more questions and more discoveries but will still find more dead ends. It all started when the devil told man he could be like God. Even now the curiosty still beckons like an unopened door. They say the new face transplants are a huge success. They can now reproduce ear organs off a rodent and now are finding more planets. Aww man, now it's not 9 any more. Another thing my son is going to hold over my head. Bottom line you cannot disprove 6 day creation.	FAVOR
4333	creation	"You gave 3 claims of Intelligent Design:1) Intelligent agents sometimes leave traces of their activity behind, like fingerprints on evidence.      -  No one can argue with that.  -2) There are signs of design in natureÃ‘in the stuff biologists and physicists and astronomers study.       -  Many naturalists argue with this, but the signs of design are pretty obvious.  -Other favorite/important quotes/points:1) Design theorists are like forensic detectives.  They operate on the same principles and look for the same kinds of evidence.  So ID science should be possible.2) Notice that the focus of design arguments is on the effects themselves, not on the designer.      -  Good point!  Critics however, don't care about the truth. They just want to disqualify ID from the science arena so they try and distract people from this truth.  It is the argument, not the personal philosophy or belief of the scientist, that should be what is important.  -3) The evidence for design is the same either way - whether the designer is supernatural or human. No one would violate the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment by saying: Ã’That ainÃ•t no ordinary mountain. Somebody designed it.Ã“    -  Pointing out design in nature does not make ID unconstitutional!  Good point.  -4) To summarize: you can often tell that something is designed even if you donÃ•t know anything else about the designer, and regardless of the identity and metaphysical status of the designer. If you understand this, youÃ•ve already understood more than 95% of the smartest ID critics and more than virtually every reporter who has ever written about ID.    -  I just wish the critics would honestly deal with ID instead of setting up straw men and attacking it.  From my stand point, they lose credibility when they do this, and I would think that would be true of most people.  I think they are shooting themselves in the foot when they do this.  I'm sure they fool some people, but most people aren't that dumb.  I'm always amazed at how dumb they think the average joe is.  -5) ID can be properly considered in public scientific discussions and be distinguished from arguments for GodÃ•s existence, while nevertheless have positive theological implications.     -  Critics will not grant you this point, but it is hard to argue against it.  Thanks for the good article.  There is no reason to be afraid of where the evidence leads, unless of course, you are a die-hard naturalist who doesn't like the idea that a ""Designer"" may really exist.  -No wonder materialists donÃ•t like ID.    -  This is the bottom line isn't it?  -"	FAVOR
4334	creation	"PvM is confused.The design inference reached based on our knowledge of what nature, operating freely can & cannot do, coupled with our knowledge of what designing agencies can do.And as with ALL scientific inferences further research can either confirm or refute that inference.Also if we truly ""do not know"" then it is a miscarriage of science to disallow the design inference just because some people would rather stick with the ""chance & necessity"" diatribe."	FAVOR
4335	creation	Jon Buell, the president of the Foundation for Thought and Ethics testified in court, enjoy--BY MR. ROTHSCHILD:Q Mr. Buell, do you recognize the document I've given you, which is the second exhibit today, a Form 990, Return of Organization Exempt from Income Tax for 2003 to be a document filed by the Foundation?A Yes, I do.Q Okay. And if you could turn to the last page of that exhibit. Are you on that page?A I am.Q And if you go about 60 percent down the page, there's an entry for Statement of Organization's Primary Exempt Purpose.A Um-hum, um-hum.Q And the explanation that the Foundation provides to the IRS is that its primary exempt purpose is promoting and publishing textbooks presenting a Christian perspective, isn't that right?A That's what it says.Q Okay. And Pandas is one of those publications, isn't it?A No, Pandas doesn't fit this because this is not an accurate statement.Q Okay. This --A This statement was -- we had a new CP A do our 990 and audit we had never used before. He wasn't even from the state of Texas. He was not familiar with us. You know, I neither saw that statement, nobody gave him that information, and I didn't -- I certainly didn't approve it.Q Okay. So -- and so this statement that's filed with the IRS so that the Foundation can be exempt from paying income tax is false; is that what you're saying?A Well, I'm saying that I didn't see that statement.Q And just if you could turn to the preceding page of the document, those are your initials on the page, aren't they, towards the bottom of the page?A Yes.--	AGAINST
4336	creation	 None of the things that people put forward as evidence of a god are evidence for a specific religion. Thor? Zeus? Eighty Bird Men from Krypton? There is no reason to pick just one to believe in, so I guess we should believe everything. Anyone in the market for an invisible dog? I'll sell you mine, real cheap...	AGAINST
4337	creation	"I must admit this would all go a lot smoother if there were no word count limits or rules about how many posts you could make at a given time. (rolls eyes)""Combine this with a lack of scientific content of ID"" So where not just discussing the claim that ID is repackaged creationism anymore? I guess I understand...""...and the flawed scientific claims of its predecessor 'creationism...""But they weren't predecessors, you know that just as much as I do.""and one comes to understand why courts have ruled in such a devastating manner to these attempts to get religion restored in classes.""What attempts to.....oh, your just talking about Edwards right? ""The content of panda is explained by its religious foudations.""Come on PvM, you talk very confidently of these religious foundations, care to elaborate?""Of course you can move the goalposts and argue that 'God' was not mentioned in these books, we can all read between the lines.""I moved the what? I know it's common for you guys (Musgrave is someone who comes to mind) to accuse us of moving the goalposts when we point out any straw men you've used, but if you want to state the early drafts promoted a religious idea, then fail to provide the evidence to back this up, then insist the religious content is there, we just need to ""read between the lines,"" and finally accuse me of moving the goalposts, that's fine. But I would like to see actually passages to back this up..... please. :)""Heck, as a Christian and quite well versed in the creationist arguments I myself see these prints of 'designer wink wink' all over the book.""Well, as a deist (I'm going through my Antony Flew right now if you know what I mean) and not quite yet a full blown Christian maybe perhaps you would know more about this then I do. I guess they were really winking hard when they said that no one can infer if the designer is natural or supernatural...right?""Calling Him a designer rather than by His true name, should be an insult to any Christian but I guess, when everyone understands that this is just an alias, it somehow seems ok?""I take it your also a closet fan of Hugh Ross am I right? ;D  "	FAVOR
4338	creation	The order of events in Genesis I agree with   science  .	AGAINST
4339	creation	You are ignoring my main point that Catastrophism was closer to the truth then Darwin. Are fundamentalist stubborn? Yes! Are scientist any less stubborn? No! The history of   science   is full of examples of scientists ignoring evidence contrary to established theory. The point is that in this case the fundamentalist were right and the scientists were wrong.	FAVOR
4340	creation	"First of all, science does not make a claim that every feature of the universe can be explained without God. Instead, it makes a host of positive claims that a particular feature of the universe can be explained by some particular mechanism.So, belief in the efficacy and scope of evolution does not equate to a belief in a universe with no metaphysical purpose, or a universe with no creator. Furthermore, you conflate cosmology with biology. The theory of evolution has nothing to say about the origin of the universe. The theory of evolution only explains why living beings posses complex structures which aid in the propagation of life.Finally: ""Did all this happen by chance?"" Scientists do not believe that life is the result of ""chance."" Instead, we believe that life the result of the uniform operation of natural laws. During pregnancy a new organism is formed entirely by the operation of natural laws. This is not the result of chance, and does not make life purposeless."	AGAINST
4341	creation	The only reason there would be more research into junk DNA would be because ID supporters have misunderstood what ID has to say about junk DNA - which is precisely nothing.Might I suggest that the main reason why the authors think that ID would open up new avenues of scientific research in animal biology is because they don't know the meaning of the word 'vestigial'?	AGAINST
4342	creation	Well once you accept the existence of an all powerful deity then anything is possible... The same can be said for invisible gnomes building everything.However for those who do see no evidence for a divine being (or invisible gnomes) see no reason to presume that the world was created in six days... indeed the evidence is quite strongly pointing in another direction.	AGAINST
4343	creation	"--Joe GI never said anything about Einstein's religious convictions. Not one word.--and yet Joe G also said--""Science without religion is lame; religion without science is blind.""--In order to understand this comment by Einstein, you have to understand Einstein's religious convictions lest one is merely interested in 'quote mining' but then why quote Einstein. Einstein's position is actually perpendicular to ID where Einstein says that the regularity of nature is the religious aspect of science. In other words, it renders ID meaningless as it proposes regularity not the absence thereof, which would trigger the 'design inference'.Contrary thus to Joe's words, he should have either considered Einstein's religious convictions when he quoted him or he should not have quote Einstein. To quote Einstein as if it add relevance and credibility to Joes argument is just 'mining'"	AGAINST
4344	creation	the physical reality to which Behe so proudly points is a stylized cartoon of reality. Sure we can make designed things look designed but the actual flagellum hardly looks like the strawmen pictures by ID. Since ID seems to want to make its argument based on the similarity between a non-existent theory and physical reality, it seems to me that there are some 'minor' wrinkles to be worked out.	AGAINST
4345	creation	"[""Is   intelligent design   science?""]""Most definitely yes, otherwise no one could argue it was wrong in the first place.""But we are not arguing that it is wrong.We are arguing that it is not right or wrong, it's ""not even wrong"".There is no definition of ""intelligent design"" that would allow a scientist to determine if it's right or wrong.There is only the ""I know it when I see it"" interpretation of the ""evidence"" of the ""natural world"".  But if ""interpretations"" are personal and cannot be agreed upon, then it's not science.""If it didn't [matter] then you wouldn't be wasting your time injecting as much commentary on the topic as you already have.""Non sequitur.  The creationists of the Texas State Board of Education wish to claim that there are ""weaknesses"" in evolution.  ""Intelligent design"" attempts to provide support for such opinions.  Therefore ""intelligent design"" should be properly smacked down as non-science nonsense.  That's why it ""matters""."	AGAINST
4346	creation	"Speaking as a non-Christian, this argument that the days of creation could not be allegorical simply because the author used an ordinal and the phrase ""evening and morning"" is juvenile and unconvincing. Furthermore, big bang cosmology is not a necessary component of evolutionary theory in the Darwinian sense, yet AiG continues to conflate the two, much to the frustration of anyone who understands the difference.If the fossil record isn't what it appears to be and AiG can demonstrate it, the scientists will listen. AiG should publish a compelling alternative hypothesis that better explains all observations. If the fossil record and all the death therein was indeed deposited within human history, why are there no mammals except the upper layers? How did layers of denser rock form above layers of light rock? These are just two of many very real and easily verifiable observations that traditional geology and evolutionary theory explains better than AiG geology.This left me wondering about the motivation of organizations like AiG. Are they reaching out to non-Christians? If so, these childish arguments are the wrong approach. Are they defending cherished beliefs in the face of more progressive believers? If so, AiG needs to pick their battles more wisely. The evidence for an ancient earth is overwhelming. Everyone should be willing to accept the possibility that a cherished belief like ""original sin"" may be superfluous, unnecessary, and incorrect."	AGAINST
4347	creation	--I changed my mind and felt somewhat angry when I realized just what those early drafts meant:--You mean you accepted the attempt to reconcile the early drafts while ignoring the facts? Sadly you seem to have fallen victim of DI propaganda.--Let's hope they don't hate me for starting an IDEA center......--Of course, not IDEA centers may finally help ID become scientifically relevant, although so far nothing to suggest that this will happen	AGAINST
4348	creation	"How does science explain information in life versus Intelligent Design proponents? And why do ID proponents misrepresent science when describing for instance neo-Darwinism?--Casey Luskin writes:Proponents of neo-Darwinism contend that the information in life arose via purposeless, blind, and unguided processes. ID proponents contend that the information in life arose via purposeful, intelligently guided processes. Both claims are scientifically testable using scientific methods employed by standard historical sciences.--While I agree with Casey that science provides testable mechanisms to explain information in life, I disagree strongly with Casey's representation of neo-Darwinism where he conflates theological concepts such as purpose and where he equivocates on 'guided' and 'blind'. Anyone familiar with evolutionary theory would quickly come to realize that evolutionary processes are not 'blind' or even 'unguided', in fact, the only aspect of evolutionary theory which comes close to this description is the concept of 'random' as used when describing mutations. And all random really means is 'random with respect to the effect in a particular environment', in other words, mutations do no arise in response to environmental pressures immediately beneficial to said environment. Casey's suggestion that evolutionary processes are blind and unguided, ignore, as is quite common amongst Creationists, that evolutionary processes include ""natural selection"" where the environment both guides and where the outcome of the process is not 'blind' but rather leads to function. In fact, it is trivial to realize that natural selection is very similar to 'intelligent selection' where in the former case, information is transferred from the environment into the genome (as science has clearly shown to be the case), where the latter one involves the guidance of an intelligence responsible for said increase.So, now we have a situation where we know that both natural and intelligent processes can cause information to increase and we are left to establish which of the various explanations are the best. Since ID refuses to contribute any scientific explanation which positively identifies the processes, mechanisms etc, it remains unable to compete not just with evolutionary science but also with our ignorance ""we don't know hypothesis"".ID claims that information is best explained by intelligence and yet it provides no explanations.Weird eh?"	AGAINST
4349	creation	evolution has never been proven and will never be proven because it never happened. on that note you also can't prove creationism ever took place because it just happened. there is nothing intelligent about the thought you evolved from hydrogen gas or any other non living thing.	FAVOR
4350	creation	"Andrew Holt, here's my take on your question:1. ""What is it with people like you ? was the   bible   the first book you read and then you quit reading anything else ?      Can you defend your position WITHOUT reference to the bible ?""2. ""Do you have any evidence, yes EVIDENCE, from another source that shows the bible is the word of God and not just a collection of books selected by the Vatican to support a particular viewpoint ?""My answers to your questions are: 1. Why does it matter; NO; and NO.  2. NO.    The thing with people like us, people who believe in the Word of God is that we are dealing with a subject that goes beyond human beings.  The Bible (Scriptures or Torah) Is not necessarily the first book that we have ever read, but it stands out as one of our most favorite books.  If a man (or woman) says that he loves God and believes in Him as the Center of his life, then he will not have any problem using that book to help him support his viewpoint.  By the way, the Vatican was not the only branch of Christianity to select Biblical Books and support a particular viewpoint, some Protestant denominations were also guilty of deciding which Books would remain in the Bible nearly four centuries ago.  The Jewish people are guilty of omitting several Books from the Torah (Hebrew Bible), and some of these are included in today's Catholic Apocryphal editions of both Catholic and Protestant Bibles.   One of these Books, the Book of Jasher, is an authentic Scriptural writing that many scholars believe should have remained in today's Torahs and Bibles.  So much for that, I did not come here to split hairs with anyone.  As far as evidence to show that the Holy Scriptures are the Word of God, you need look no further than the Bible itself.  Since God cannot lie, why then, would the Word of God tell lies?  The Bible (and Torah) are not Vatican-selected books, no matter how much some of us may want to believe that.  In fact, the Vatican's Bible is the Christian Bible PLUS the Apocrypha, so technically speaking, the Vatican's Bible is more comprehensive than the one used by Protestants.  Go figure on that one!      "	FAVOR
4351	creation	"Evolution has not ""ceased"" in any animal. I think you are a little delusional on the subject. Let me clear this up for you:The transition of ""ape"" to homo sapiens is not a process that occurs through one generation.""why aren't we evolving to some strange terrestrial body""For the same reason, the whole transition to a ""new species"" is not a transition that occurs on one generation. And what do you mean by some ""strange terrestrial body""? You mean something different than what we are at this stage? For the same reason, it is not a one-generation process. Why would you not cause us a strange terrestial body today?and ""why aren't there half monkey half men who have just entered the middle cycle of evolution""Evolution has no scripture that is followed. There is no one path that all species must mutate with, which is the reason why chimpanzees still exist to this date.And by half monkey half man I might interpret that as a neanderthal, and those coexisted with homo sapiens for some time. Also if you want to see a half human half monkey today, you're gonna have to have sex with a monkey (although i am unsure if that would work out)."	AGAINST
4352	creation	"In Genesis, we have no reason to believe that ""one day"" meant any more than ""one day"" today. Remember God rested on the 7th day, not for himself (because he didn't need it), but for us to rest. If that ""day"" was longer than a ""day"" in this present time, why would he have rested for us, so that we would have a day of rest.I have no prediction on the age of the earth, a mystery that will always be unsolved. I do believe that God had the power, if he is the creator, to create thw world we live in called ""earth"" in 6 days. He is all-powerful, so why could he not just bring into existence - the Earth?Don't use a straw-man argument to say we shouldn't believe God was being literal. Many atheists, professors, and people of high authority have been criminals. Does that mean we should not listen to anything they have said based on choices they made prior. Not always, no. So not a good point there."	FAVOR
4353	creation	Debater Jay Richards answers this question quite clearly in a short video  at:     www.discovery.org/v/19    .  The folks at ARI should watch and listen.	FAVOR
4354	creation	--TJ10OK, you are right on this point as well. There is a difference between methodological naturalism and naturalism. I am still learning here. However, whether a scientist is a methodological naturalist or a true naturalist really doesn't matter. When they do their work, they do it assuming naturalism to be true. In other words, they allow no possibility for supernatural explanations or causes. This is even more difficult to understand if the person is not a true naturalist.---Such is the nature of science. And yes it does matter since a scientist can believe in a God and still use methodological naturalism as a method. Also, they do not exclude the possibility of the supernatural a priori, but rather a posteriori since the supernatural fails to explain anything since it can explain everything.Imagine a scientists looking at how a particular system works. Hmm, too hard to understand, poof must have been designed. Next part, hmmm looks intricate, let's invoke the 'poof explanation' again, this is taking too long.The reason scientists have come to accept MN as a valid tool is because it works so well.	AGAINST
4355	creation	"--IslandPvM says:""Let's see what we can track down via Wikipedia which is always a good start for any research""Not where this subject is concerned... duh.--Of course it was, because it properly referenced the presentation by Carter, allowing one to find the original source to compare to your interpretation.That's what pwning is all about, following the trail to the original source and comparing it to the interpretations."	AGAINST
4356	creation	--OasthadAre we machines choosing between incorrect and correct responses, or are we sentient being choosing between good and evil? How could you not teach this?--That's a good topic for sunday school. As far as I can tell, this is part of the message they are teaching.What more do you want	AGAINST
4357	creation	"is actually quite simple. It refers to Einstein's static universe. ""The stellar universe ought to be a finite island in an infinite ocean of space. (Einstein, 1954)""      "	AGAINST
4358	creation	 I believe evolution did occur, but GOD created it.  /   />   />   /> AFRAID? HAHAHAHA Have you read any of my other comments? Obv. Not I don't care what people think of me on the internet!	FAVOR
4359	creation	Just what if there is a Creator?  Isn't science after truth?  Has science proven that there is no Creator? Why is recognizing the possibility that there was intelligence behind the emergence of life a non-scientific idea?  Basically what you are saying is that if there was a Creator or intelligence behind the emergence of life, science will never be able to come up with the right answer, right?So your whole premise for ID being non-scientific is the unproven worldview of naturalism?You start off right from the get go with the assumption that there is no Creator or any intelligence involved in the emergence of life and go and try and prove your idea with science.If you want to limit science to working within the little box of naturalism, fine, but then, you have to admit that you might be wrong from the start.  I think that is what ID is trying to show us.  They simply want to show that there is good scientific evidence for considering the role of intelligence in the emergence of life.  Does that fit with naturalism?  No, but since when must scientists bow the knee to naturalism to do good science?Many great scientists of the past did not bow the knee to Naturalism and yet we revere them today for their amazing achievements.  Looking for design in nature is a great way to do science.  Naturalists have no way to explain the amazing desing we see in Nature.  Their philosophy would not predict order and design, yet that is exactly what we find.  If you have the faith to believe in millions of naturalistic miracles of chance, great.  I admire your faith.  But not everyone has as much faith in the random powers of evolution.Since you cannot even prove your worldview, don't you think it would be wise to look at both sides of the issue if you are sincerely after the truth?....I do.	FAVOR
4360	creation	"""Tell me, Have you ever read the ""Origin of the Species""? I have and I find it to be a pretty far stretch. The whole theory of Evolution is based on that book, and I do mean theory.""The theory of Evolution is not based on OotS, that is just the book that 'first' put for the idea.  It is also a theory that we can observe in action then test.""For something to go beyond a theory, it has to be proven beyond and shadow of a doubt.""Actually no... There is nothing in   science   beyond a theory.  Some theories are now known as laws due to how rigorously they have been tested, but that does not mean that they are absolutely perfect or beyond reproach.  Evolution is just a theory, though one with a great deal of evidence backing it up... where is the evidence for a 6 day creation?""My question is this: Is a Scientist who studies Evolution more credible than one studying Creation? What if they both have the same Credentials, the same degrees, the same experience, but one is studying creation and one   evolution   ? Which one is More credible?""One would have to look at their research and methodologies to determine which one was found more credible.""Most in that debate said that the one studying evolution was more credible than the one studying evolution.""Yes, because the evidence for evolution, and a 4.5 billion year old earth, is far stronger then the evidence for   creationism  .  To be seen as credible a creationist would have to demonstrate how their theory was better at describing what we observe then the current theories."	AGAINST
4361	creation	Prototypic should read phenotypic. Darn spell checker. 	AGAINST
4362	creation	" There is eye witness, reproducable evidence for ""micro"" evolution or change within a species which is irrefutable. However, the goo to you via the zoo evolution or ""macro"" evolution is a theory with way to many holes in it to be considered plausable. 1) macro evolution cannot explain first life, or how non-intelligent lifeless matter through nature (which by nature randomizes) could have created the first life which we now know thru DNA and protien sequences had a highly intelligent and spacific design. Creation or intelligent design theory fits perfectly. 2)macro evolution cannot explain the viability of transitional forms. In other words how could a half lizard half bird survive. Creation/intelligent design doesn't need this step. And the fossil record is proof for creation/ID and completely against evolution. The fossil record shows all life came into existance all at once and fully formed sometime between 600millionBC and 500millionBC. (life's big bang) there have been NO fossils that have shown ANY transitional forms, much less viable transitional forms... Micro evolution yes, girraffes necks might have grown longer over time to better enable them to reach tree branches, a cheetah's sense of sight and smell could have developed over time to make him a better hunter, and humans might have less body hair than our ancestors thanks to airconditioning/heating and the fact we now live indoors and wear more cloths. But a girraffe is still a girraffe, and a cheetah is still a cheetah and a human is still a human. Sharks have been the same since the time of the dinasours with little or no change....Macro evolution not plausable."	FAVOR
4363	creation	Us evolving from chimpanzees (yes, it is chimps that we share the most DNA with, not apes, and not monkeys), is merely an idea just because their DNA is so similar to ours. It doesn't make the theory of evolution what-so-ever. Evolution is just the process of change or growth through genetics, mutations, and natural selection. Which has been proven. When a scientist genetically modifies the DNA of a fly successfully, it has evolved. (No, really, I recall reading about a study of them inserting a different wing color into the flys DNA and evolving the fly successfully with the new wing color). It's pretty dang simple. It has nothing to do with the creation of humans. There is absolutely not enough evidence going anywhere to lead to a decent idea of where we came from. And you learn about the history of homosapiens through archaeological anthropology, which I suggest everyone should study because most of you seem to pulling crap out of your butts.	AGAINST
4364	creation	 Actually, most leading scientists nowadays support evolution, and of course it's going to have massive holes in it: That's what makes it a theory.  As with most theories, Darwin was not the only one to hook onto the idea - there was also Wallace, Lamarck and several others around that time. And there are masses of evidence for the theory of evolution. You shouldn't immediately dismiss it because it states in a religious book that God created everything in seven days with the click of his fingers, which is an insupportable idea. Besides, many Christian priests have accepted that God created us through evolution :D As for the question 'Even if evolution is correct, why have we not seen any change since the known history?' Have you been living in a cave? Switch over to the UKTV Documentary once in a while. You'll find that species are changing and forming all the time as changes in the environment force them to. You have to understand adaptation before you debate evolution.	AGAINST
4365	creation	If Intelligent Design is a valid scientific concept, why is it that we have examples of IDIOTIC design in so many organism, including vertbrates? All their eyes are wired BACKWARDS, making their retinas vulnerable to damage. And there is no good reason for this, because the eyes of cephalopods are wired FORWARDS. It seems that there was a more intelligent Designer for the cephalopod eyes than for the vertebrate eyes.	AGAINST
4366	creation	"""Answers in Genesis"" avoids doing the one thing that might actually lead them to understand the Biblical text: studying genuine, up-to-date, Biblical scholarship that reflects a genuine desire to understand the text rather than impose one's predetermined conclusions on it.Not only is the Bible not self-authenticating, but no one comes to the Bible as a blank slate without other influences. Biblical literalism is a PR exercise. Groups like Answers in Genesis claim to believe the whole Bible and take it all literally because it persuades people who do not examine the basis for their claim. Those who do find that in fact AiG and other groups like it are making false claims. They don't take the dome in Genesis 1 literally. They never argue that one needs to believe that Yahweh created by combatting the sea monster (called Leviathan or Rahab in the Bible). Their literalism is a selective on.Moreover, Biblical scholarship has long noted that the days in Genesis 1(literal days consisting of evening and morning as per Jewish reckoning) are arranged in a poetic parallelism, with days 1-3 creating habitats that are then filled with life on days 4-6.The issue is not simply ignoring science. Answers in Genesis ignores the Bible, and yet claims to be based in the Bible. Where I come from, we call that dishonesty."	AGAINST
4367	creation	Evolution has been proven many times. The fossil records, DNA analysis, geographical distribution, real-time observations all point to evolution. It all makes perfect sense and no discovery has contradicted it yet.	AGAINST
4368	creation	the list practically goes on. Maybe Einstein was the latest.But I wonder who's the next...	AGAINST
4369	creation	"onein6billion observes that Luskins claim --""ID makes reliable inferences.""-- is flawed. In fact, as I have shown, ID's chosen approach makes very unreliable inferences. The cost of which is significant, since as Dembski has argued, if the filter allows ""false positives"", as it does, it would render the approach uselessThere you have it: Useless...Others, have shown that the lack of any positive arguments surrounding ID, do not allow ID to compete with the much more scientific position that ""we don't know"", and yet it insists on labeling our ignorance with the very unreliable inference of 'design'. Lovely..."	AGAINST
4370	creation	 Evolution is a theory that is supported at the micro level.  The macro level of evolution has a long way to go to provide proof, but there is enough work going on in this subject that links can eventually be found.  Creationism is also a theory based on faith, yes there are some historical evidence of links to the stories within the Bible, but that only proves that the Bible has some historical value and does not prove the Creationism theory.	AGAINST
4371	creation	--Ian asksIf a prominent ID advocate can't even get the description of one basic paper right, how are they going to handle more complicated papers on the evolution of the immune system?--In other words, it's not just the ignorance of science but the ignorance of the ID proponent which seems to trigger 'design inferences'.  The subjective nature of the design inference seems to be another problematic component. And remember, according to Dembski if the filter triggers a false positive (detects design where there is none) it would render the filter useless. Dembski goes on to claim that no false positives are ever triggered by the filter but we already know that this is wrong.	AGAINST
4372	creation	"""It is consistent but. We don't know enough about the physics to draw any sound boarder on where that consistency begins or ends. Also one of the consistencies would naturally be, inconsistency. As every thing we have observed in the universe so far.""Science is based on what can be observed / tested.  So far every observable area of the universe obeys the same laws that we observe on earth.  Without some evidence to the contrary there is no scientific way to claim that the laws will differ elsewhere.""Also one of the consistencies would naturally be, inconsistency. As every thing we have observed in the universe so far.""If it is consistent then it cannot be inconstant at the same time.  If we somehow observed an area of the earth where gravity was reversed then a scientific investigation would have to demonstrate what conditions 'there' caused gravity to be reversed.  That would either make the observation in line with current scientific thinking (a powerful magnetic field giving the appearance of reversed gravity) or lead to an expansion of existing theories to describe anti-gravity.The first step is to observe something that does not appear to fit within current scientific knowledge, and so far the observed laws appear to be universal in scope.Saying that they might not be, but that we have not observed where they are inconsistent is not a scientific argument. "	AGAINST
4373	creation	"--But it's more than we don't understand' thus designed. It's specified complexity. Wherever we find specified complexity we find a designer. But for the theological implications this would be non-controversal.--That is yet another one of these ID claims which lack in much relevance. But for the sake of the reader, let's explore Jim's claim because otherwise the ID proponent may argue that I have not fully represented the ID argument.Specification is something that is, as is with so many aspects of ID, ill defined and even harder to measure but according to Dembski. first of all in biology, specification seems to be similar to 'function', which in evolution leads to an immediate problem namely that function is also an expected outcome of evolutionary processes.--Addressing the particular question regarding whether the bacterial flagellum is specified, Dembski confidently declares that, Ã’Specification is never a problem. The irreducibly complex systems we consider, particularly in biology, always satisfy independently given functional requirements.... For instance, in the case of the bacterial flagellum, humans developed outboard rotary motors well before they figured out that the flagellum was such a machine.Ã“NFL, p. 289.The flagellum functions like an outboard rotary motor. The rotary outboard motor pattern represents a functional requirement independent of biological systems. Therefore, concludes Dembski, the flagellum is specified. --Source: Hopward van Till, ""E. Coli at the No Free Lunchroom""        In other words, in biology, the complexity part is established through our ignorance and the specification through function, so we can slightly revise our claim to state that in biology 'design' refers to science's ignorance about how a particular system with a function came around.Note that ID also does not provide any additional side hypotheses to explain from the ID perspective how such specification came about.In other words, outside biology, what is sufficient to identify some subjective function or pattern which is independent of the system and voila the foundation for a specification arises. Since we are very well aware of the fact that us humans are extremely capable of seeing 'design' in many aspects of life, it should not come as a surprise that under ID's approach the ""Old man in the mountain"" is as valid a design inference as Mount Rushmore, but of course likely to be wrong. Similarly, the patterns of circles or stable orbits combined with a lack of understanding of how science would explain this, caused Newton to infer 'design' for planetary orbits.Worse of course, the ID hypothesis does not only infer 'design' but provides no measures to show that its inference is more likely than 'we don't know', making the inference highly unreliable. And if we take Dembski's claim that if the design inference includes false positives, it would be useless, I am surprised why we are still talking about this."	AGAINST
4374	creation	After all he is just trying to compete with your legacy Nick. Coherent arguments are not really a requirement for ID.	AGAINST
4375	creation	From the above linked paper by Peter Irons, I quote the following--Peter IronsIn an undoubtedly unintentional slip, which they may well regret, the DI authors have effectively given away the store with their concession that under the Lemon test, Ã’all that was necessary [for Judge Jones] to determine that an Establishment Clause violation had occurred was to find that the Dover school board members had predominantly religious motivations for enacting their ID policy.Ã“ To repeat, those religious motivations would have been irrelevant if ID was in fact a legitimate scientific alternative to Darwinian evolution. Thus, in my view, Judge Jones was required to raise and answer this question, based on the voluminous record before him, which his opinion lays out in some five thousand words.---In other words, in accepting the Lemon clause, the DI basically accepted that ID serves no valid secular purpose.	AGAINST
4376	creation	To each their own as a personal belief I have nothing against those that subscribe to creationism but feel strongly that it does not belong in schools. There is no theory of creation it is not even a hypothesis it is a belief or faith. Given the current state of education I dont think america can afford to put faith in schools.	AGAINST
4377	creation	"""One of the major problems that we all have (in fact, itÃ•s the same problem Adam and Eve had in the Garden of Eden) is that we tend to start from outside God's Word and then go to what God has written in the Bible (orÃ‘in Adam's caseÃ‘what God forbade him to do) to try to interpret it on the basis of our own pre-set ideas. This is the major reason why most people question the length of the days of creation in the book of Genesis.""Objection! Assumes facts not in evidence, including the claim that the Bible is the Word of God. It is dishonest to claim that those who reject or even question the Bible's dogmas are doing so because of ""pre-set ideas"". A common fallacy of bigots is to claim that their opponents are also bigoted. This is a smokescreen.""If the Bible is the inspired Word of the infinite Creator God, then it must be self-authenticating and self-attestingÃ‘and it is. At the same time, my presupposition is that we should start with what God's Word says regardless of outside ideas, for only God's Word is infallible.""Nonsense! NOTHING is self-authenticating. You would never say anything else was, so why make an exception for the Bible? Especially considering the existence of other religious texts, most of whom you would DENY because of your faith in the Bible. And the followers of other faiths, in turn, would deny the Bible because of THEIR faith. ""If people doubt the length of the days of creation when the language of the Bible speaks so plainly that they are regular days, then they are accepting a particular approach to all of Scripture. Why shouldn't they then start to doubt that Christ's Virgin Birth really means a virgin birth? Why shouldn't people start to doubt that the Resurrection really means resurrection?""There is clear evidence for a universe and Earth billions of years old and for the evolution of life and thus good reason to deny a literal reading of the Genesis creation stories. There is no evidence to outright deny the Virgin Birth of Christ or His Resurrection. Those who put their faith in Genesis more than in Jesus have no business calling themselves Christians."	AGAINST
4378	creation	You can't offer anymore than theory for one or the other. I just believe that an open mind is far more important than only one view that can not be proven. As for Darwin, have you read his books or are just brain washed into thinking that science is always right. Cattle follow the leader without questioning the direction. I don't know the answer. However, I keep an open mind. Remember that once upon a time, man knew that the world was flat, he knew the world was the center of the universe and he knew that the Earth sat on the shoulders of giant elephants. Science is sometimes wrong. Like it or not. But, I would like to see the missing link that can't seem to be found. I didn't say one way or the other. But I have read the works of Darwin, and anyone that bias I have a problem with. And he was a racist. Read before you go up to call out the big boys. If you don't see the racist in his works than I feel sorry for you.	FAVOR
4379	creation	"--Island--No, as I said, they are ""typically"", by law, strictly prohibitive of ID creationism, which is a huge difference that you don't want to willingly acknowledge. Your attempt to downplay the significance and the teeth of these laws is highly telling.--ID creationism seems not dissimilar from other creationist attempts to introduce God into our science curriculum. ID, lacking scientific vacuity is now attempted to be smuggled back in under the guise of ""academic freedom"" or ""teach the controversy"" even though ID is neither academic nor controversial in a scientific sense as it is at best without content.Perhaps I am missing your point here."	AGAINST
4380	creation	"""How do we observe   evolution   occurring? I do not see one creature evolving into another one.""True, we have not been observing long enough to see species change into other ones.  However we can observe small changes as species adapt.  Projected over the geological time scale those tiny changes   add   up to new species.""How do you explain that the fossil record lacks intermediate lifeforms and only shows major transitions of organisms. ""the fossil record is littered with transitional species... though, due to the random nature of fossilization, there will never be a perfectly complete fossil record.""Where did the ""500 million years"" of time dissapear to that evolutionists call the Great Uncomformity?""That's a geological oddity that appears in North America, it is not found throughout the world.  Even then it is not a constant absence... in some places it goes from 500M to 1.7B, and in others (like the grand canyon) it goes from 250M to 1.2B.""What specific pieces of the fossil record prove that there were changes in lifeforms separated by time?""Dating the levels it can be seen that specific creatures only existed at specific times... We don't see Dimetrodon remains mixed in with early Homid remains.  These creatures are separated by millions of years.""You said that the creationist origin of the Grand Canyon is ""flimsy,"" but what specific parts to you beleive are flimsy and what assumptions are you referring to?""The idea of a global flood?""You said complexity does not require intelligence. What does it require? According to evolution it only requires random chemical reactions. By the way, in no   science   lab in the entire world has it been proven that chemical reactions can create life. ""Evolution is more then just random chemical reactions.  Those reactions are part of a chain reaction that leads to further reactions.  It is not throwing a handful of dice on the table over and over waiting for all sixes to show up, it is throwing a handful of dice down... picking up those that did not come up six, and repeating until you get all sixes.  Though we have not created life in a lab yet we are close... RNA is self assembling under the right   conditions  , and the lipids that make up cell walls form microscopic bubbles (empty cells if you would) when placed in water.""Finally,This is toatlly out of curiosity, but what compelled you to decide to believe in the theory of evolution? ""I don't believe in Evolution... it is a theory.  I see the evidence and agree that it is, currently, the best explanation for what we see around us.  I was in no way 'compelled'... I've read the books and seen the rocks laid out and it all follows rather nicely."	AGAINST
4381	creation	 You see a building and you HAVE PROOF there is a builder...  /   /> You see a car and you HAVE PROOF there is a builder...  />   /> When you see creation there must be a CREATOR...  />   /> Faith.	FAVOR
4382	creation	 Creationism is absurd and wrong and so its fellow-traveller, intelligent design. For one thing, the creationists hold that the Earth is only 6000 years old. That is laughably and provably false. We can even observe evolution taking place in populations of microbes, for example. It is amazing that this sheer nonsense can be sustained in the midst of an advanced technological society.   />   /> Of course, as long as creationists do nothing other than hold their false beliefs privately, they don't do much harm. They're entitled to their opinions, even if they have no basis in fact. When creationism becomes unacceptable, though, is when they try and indoctrinate school children, warping young minds which are not yet well enough equipped to resist their false teachings.	AGAINST
4383	creation	As I prepare to answer this question, I realize I have essentially no knowledge about the theory of evolution, besides Darwinism and the title. But the title itself is enough for me to know that it hasn't been scientifically proven: it is the THEORY of evolution. Much like the Big Bang THEORY. While it is probable that these events happened, it is not certain. And while I believe that they have happened, it is not certain.	AGAINST
4384	creation	"You said ""ID has failed to contribute in any meaningful manner?""Wrong!  Newton, Pascal, Einstein, and many others put stock in the ID theory.  This is why they figured out what they did.  With the assumption of ID you can bet that there is order to the natural world and that it its knowable.  Einstein believed as much as people like Richard Dawkins, Christopher Hitchens, and many others want to believe.  After all, he was on a quest to discover the ""Theory of Everything"" or ""to read the mind of GOD"".  When asked what was his objection to Quantum Mechanics he was quoted as saying, ""I refuse to believe GOD would play chance with the Universe""The better question is:""What has evolutionary biology contributed in a meaningful matter?""I'll help you out.  Mr. Richard Dawkins said that using a computer program to map out piping to containers that over generations the program had calculated the perfect plumbing for this system.  Then, proceeded to say that we see the same type of ducting system in canine livers.Ha!That simply means that (1)there was an intelligence behind both, and (2) your program sucked because it took more than one try.If the bank took more than one try to deposit your check, you'd be pretty steamed.  You be mad to continue banking with them.So why then, do you trust a theory in which death & time are the heroes and is obviously lacking the same credentials that you claim apply to ID.""Pull the beam out of your eye before trying to pull the splinter out of mine!""Jesus of Nazareth""Asking an atheist why he can't find GOD is like asking a thief why he can't find a police officer.""Kent Hovind"	FAVOR
4385	creation	"Evolution has no implications for morality: it describes what has happened, making no judgement about whether what has happened is good: Non-religious ethicists are perfectly capable of making moral judgements, and they regularly do so."	AGAINST
4386	creation	Ã’From here we can see that the Bible already is going to not have any sort of 100% exact meaning.. because language itself is always open to interpretation.Ã“True, however you have stated that some verses in the Bible are literal truth and others are symbolic.  How can the literally true lines be separated from the symbolic ones?  Christian archeologists have been searching for verifiable evidence of the supernatural claims in the Bible for centuries nowÃ‰ and so far they have either found no clear proof, only contradictory proof.Ã’When the Bible says the inhabitants of the earth are to God like grasshoppers... well, that is a metaphor - and yes, the Bible is full of them. Does that mean it isn't true? Not at all.. but the poetic nature of the statement is unavoidable.Ã“Sure, but objectively many religions from that time period placed their deity in the heavens.  The same could be said for Zeus, Horus-Re, RannmaÃ‰  Why is the Bibles statements valid and their statements are false?Ã’By reading the Bible for understanding it helps you determine which parts are meant in a poetic sense and which is meant as metaphor. Can anyone insist that they are correct in their interpretation? nope. But with study.. people tend to have better understanding - that's all I mean.Ã“Even following study people cans still reach different meanings, which is reasonable if are not taking parts of the Bible literally.  Once you have claimed that a part of the Bible is a literal description of what has happened then anyone who tells you that that part is symbolic is verifiably wrong.  If I have a passage in a book that says Ã’A tree grows on North HillÃ“ and I say that there IS a tree growing on North Hill and you say it is a metaphor I can take you to North Hill and show you the tree.  Any metaphorical meanings aside the text is literal.Ã’Can someone 'prove' the Bible means a literal 6 day creation.. nope. like all of language.. it's up to opinion. I stated my opinion.. that it appears a literal 6 days was the intent - I cited the repetitive use of the words 'evening and morning' as one reason for my opinion - but it's still opinion and cannot be 'proven'.Ã“Except for the mountain of evidence against a literal 6 day creationÃ‰ If you want to say Ã”I believe that in a six day creationÃ• then I cannot argue with your beliefsÃ‰. Any more then I can argue with someone who claims that the queen of England is a shape-shifting lizard man from outerspace.YouÃ•ve stepped beyond that, claiming that there is evidence to back up your beliefs.  My challenge is to that evidence.And as far as your question about what merit the Bible has to non-Christians.... well obviously little - else they would be Christians =)Which represent a significant portion of the worldÃ•s population.  If it is literally true that the world was created in six days then that fact is independent of a persons belief, just like fact that the world is round and orbits the sun.	AGAINST
4387	creation	"The response to my comment ID Contradicts Itself is a series of peculiarly unclear assertions. For example, the responder declares: --- ""We need not ""know"" the intelligence to draw inferences about it's existence because that's not what ID studies. ID studies the FEATURES that are best traced to an intelligence; not the intelligence itself.""---Such an assertion presupposes that (1) the ""features"" exists separate from the entity, and that (2) the features are expressions of some intelligence one supposes exists. This is a logical fallacy. It assumes the prior existence of a thing whose features one is allegedly studying while declaring one is ""tracing"" them to some intelligence, which one denies one knows. The responder is dealing in word salads, i.e., formulating arguments that float without reference to reality. This approach permeates the responder's entire post. As such, it's not worth rebutting."	AGAINST
4388	creation	"How was Catastrophism closer then the original Darwinian theory?  Catastrophism offered no mechanism for the changes that we see, was completely wrong as to what catastrophes occurred,  how severe they were, and when they took place.Darwin's original theory, as put forth in ""Origin of Species"", has long since been supplanted by modern theories of Evolution... it was wrong with regards to many things, but Catastrophism was wrong to a greater extent then Evolution ever was.It should also be noted that once the evidence had accumulated showing that earlier theories had been wrong the Scientists changed their theories and agreed that the new interpretation was correct... when have the fundamentalists ever done so? "	AGAINST
4389	creation	"Since when, speaking to one of the other posters, did ""chance"" become a word to bias any argument AGAINST   evolution  ?  Doesn't make sense, unless the poster is reading into something that probably isn't inferred and possibly feels an affront to his or her sensibilities.-Christopher  />ctorri@sycr.com  "	AGAINST
4390	creation	"Certainly, there is value in the documents from which human culture has derived the Christian Bible; the value of which is to be determined individually by the reader. Let us not forget the context in which these documents were written and remember that they represent merely the views of those who wrote them. They may or may not reflect the truth. Whatever truth they may or may not contain must be determined by other facts and argument from facts.The ""Book of Genesis"" is one book and a narrow view. It is grossly insufficient to answering the question - how long did it take for the universe, this galaxy, this solar system, this planet and life on the Earth to form. It is terribly insufficient to answer what is ultimately an unanswerable and incomplete question. The Christian Bible and the question itself both miss a higher truth - none of the above is finished forming ... nor are we.The natural processes that created the Earth and its life in the past are not finished. They continue to create and we each too are instruments of that continuing creation."	AGAINST
4391	creation	Ã’that one is from Isaiah 40:22... and is old testament.. very ancient stuff. 740-680 b.c. is commonly held. The point being.. just when in history did we learn the Earth was circular? Around 300 years later Aristotle proposed the idea in his book 'on the heavens'.. but it wasn't accepted as a given.Ã“Yet the concept of a circular Earth is far older then that.  Indian texts dating back to 1000 BCE can be interpreted just as easily to indicate a spherical planet.''He [   god   ] hangs the Earth on nothing'But the Earth is not hung on nothing, it is tethered by the laws of gravity.first off..this is from Job - and as I recall that was old testament stuff as well -definitely B.C. - which I believe is in the dead sea scrolls as well.. at the time people had various beliefs about the Earth... whether it be it was on the backs of infinite turtles or the like... and many other views -. but the knowledge that the Earth floats in space was not known as a fact.And what of the passages that are interpreted by geocentrists about fixing the Earth in the ferment?  Ã’The point is not that the Bible should be used as a   science   handbook - it was never intended to be so..that was never it's intended purpose.Ã“Yet you have said that the Bible is Ã”correct in every detailÃ• and thus that itÃ•s description of the creation of the Earth is scientific fact.  You have even stated that the phrases about Ã”  stretching  Ã• are describing the accelerating universe.   Thus the Bible can be used to determine new theories as well.  After all if scientists had paid more attention to the Bible then the accelerating universe would not have been a surprise to them (remember that an accelerating universe was not among the original three outcomes of our observations regarding the expanding universe).Ã’The point is that this 'primitive' text is consistent with science - and appears to be ahead of it's time from the things it points out, some of which would ironically be heresy at the time.Ã“Remember that scholars of that time knew that the Earth was round (it is surprisingly easy to prove really).  Indeed the Greeks were very close to showing that the Earth revolved around the sun, put off only because they had miscalculated the size of the universe (lacking telescopes they could not correctly calculate stellar distances using parallax)Ã’descriptions of the process of water evaporation and clouds..Ã“Which can easily be observed by the people at that time, Aristotle himself gave crude descriptions of cloud formation processes.Ã’it goes directly against God's purposes... as I mentioned to you before - it is necessary for God to maintain 'plausible deniability'.. a rough balance... he has to give enough evidence to support belief - yet not so much that it would make faith unnecessaryÃ“What about all the stuff in the Old Testament?  Huge tracts of that book are devoted to God explicitly existingÃ‰ The Flood, Sodom and Gomorra, the Seven Plagues, the Burning Bush,   the Parting of the Red Sea.   There is no plausible deniability when you are walking across the floor of the Red Sea.Ã’Where does God get the   energy   to do so?..You are kidding right?Ã“No, IÃ•m not.  Or is this a Ã”God did itÃ• point where we cannot go any further?  Is there no possible physical explanation for this phenomenon?	AGAINST
4392	creation	This is one of the things Wesley cites to bolster his case:    /~welsberr/kvd/dp-full-cmp-r10k4.htmlSure looks a lot like 91% to me. 	FAVOR
4393	creation	This is open your interpretation of the Bible.Study for your self!  	FAVOR
4394	creation	The AUSC's claim that court cases settle all debates reminds me of how futile Roe v. Wade was in settling the   abortion   debate. And yes, it's funny how Dawkin's has no problem with ID at all AS LONG AS the designer isn't god.  	FAVOR
4395	creation	"I am curious about one thing - Luskin states:""ID investigations thus begin with observations about how intelligent agents operate and then proceed to convert those observations into positive predictions of what scientists should find in nature if intelligent design was involved in the origin of a given natural object.""He justifies this assertion with this:""Specifically, the theory predicts that we will find large amounts of specified complexity in natural objects [after an exposition on an analogy employed by theologian/philosopher Meyer)...As Meyer explains, Ã’by invoking design to explain the origin of new biological information, contemporary design theorists are not positing an arbitrary explanatory element unmotivated by a consideration of the evidence. Instead, they are positing an entity possessing precisely the attributes and causal powers that the phenomenon in question requires as a condition of its production and explanation.Ã“(18) ""In other words - Meyer is making an argument via analogy - made with lots of buzzwords and unnecessarily verbose prose.If that is why ID is scientific, and if that is an example of a ""prediction"" that has been ""tested"", then I am afraid that ID is utterly worthless, for it consists of:1. Construct an analogyDNA is sort of like languiage, it is a code - why, we even call it th egenetic code2. Make a syllogism employing the sketchy analogy -Humans are complex.  Humans make language/codes.  DNA is like a language/code. Therefore, DNA was made by a complex being like a human3. Manipulate syllogism so as to appear to be an hypothesis -DNA, being coded information, must have been made by complex intelligent agents, since we know that other complex intelligent agents, us, make codes/languages4. Conclude what was assumed in step 1 and call it a tested and confirmed prediction - ID predicted that DNA would be the product of an intelligent agent because it contains coded informaiton.We know that coded inforaiton comes from intelligent agents.Therefore, DNA was made by an intelligent agent.Therefore, DNA was designed.Brilliant."	AGAINST
4396	creation	What is it with people like you ? was the bible the first book you read and then you quit reading anything else ?Can you defend your position WITHOUT reference to the bible ?Do you have any evidence, yes EVIDENCE, from another source that shows the bible is the word of God and not just a collection of books selected by the Vatican to support a particular viewpoint ?Why do you find it easier to believe in some all powerful supernatural creator that is eternal than a natural universe that is eternal ?Is it possible to prove (without reference to your book) that God exists, or does not exist ? probably not.Science is not a collection of, cast in stone, answers.  That kind of fixity is death.  Science is a process.  It will never end because there will always be more questions. You have simply abandoned the quest and with it your rational mind.For anybody who reads this with, some semblance, of that rational mind, please take a look at:            As Epicurus siad, a little while before Christ & your book:Is God willing to prevent evil, but not able?Then he is not omnipotent.Is he able, but not willing?Then he is malevolent.Is he both able and willing?Then whence cometh evil?Is he neither able nor willing?Then why call him God?	AGAINST
4397	creation	"I do not wish to begin to defend the DI as I am not familiar enough with their theory. I am glad that someone is trying to oppose the paradigm of undirected chance/non-intelligent necessity as the chief paradigm for everything from cosmogony to the origin of biological diversity, but I appreciate that we are all just scratching the surface of this awesome creation with little more than leaps in the dark. I am not certain that naturalistic methodology has been sufficiently refined to detect or tease out intelligence.    As to your characterization of the controversy as ""none"", I assume you are using hyperbole to make a point, but I think that there remains quite a lot of controversy which originated long before ID was even a term. The list helps people who are not scientifically inclined to at least consider that Darwinism is not necessarily.       I also have seen a lot of controversy ( how meaningful, only time will tell) even within the Neo-Darwinist camp. Controversy, however, is good for science. "	FAVOR
4398	creation	--You can't offer anymore than theory for one or the other. I just believe that an open mind is far more important than only one view that can not be proven.--On the contrary, I could fill countless books to support the Darwinian and evolutionary theories while the ID 'theory' can be summarized as 'I do not understand: thus poof'--As for Darwin, have you read his books or are just brain washed into thinking that science is always right. Cattle follow the leader without questioning the direction.--I have read most of his books and even some of his unpublished manuscripts. Furthermore, Darwinism as it exists today is strengthened by a vast amount of additional knowledge not originally accessible to Darwin.--I don't know the answer. However, I keep an open mind.--No you don't. You have not studied evolutionary theory which you so foolishly describe as lacking evidence.-- And he was a racist. Read before you go up to call out the big boys. If you don't see the racist in his works than I feel sorry for you.--Note the lack of evidence and the name calling. All clear evidence of a lack of argument.Well done, purelabor but you surely can do better than this now can you? Or are you unable to support even your more outrageous claims?I do understand, that's the most commonly observed modus operandus of ID proponents.Don't feel sorry for me, present an argument, surprise us, enlighten us, thrill us with your arguments.	AGAINST
4399	creation	"""Proof Why Creationism Should Be Taught In Schools"". Catholic Online. September 7th, 2005"	FAVOR
4400	creation	for educating us about the immense scientific amount of information that seldomly gets disseminated when ID proponents claim that 'x' could not have evolved. It's this lack of sufficient familiarity with the prevailing knowledge which has rendered ID so meaningless. Whether it is the poor scholarship by Wells or the meaningless arguments by Behe, they all seem to come down to a similar commonality: a lack of full understanding of the scientific knowledge and evidence.How does ID explain the malaria resistance or the bacterial flagellum? We already know how poorly ID has done with the flagellum, now that science keeps unraveling facts in support of predictions made several years earlier by Nick Matzke.	AGAINST
4401	creation	I surely intend to do so, but these issues go beyond questions of policy. I am not sure about reactionary antifanatics and how you believe it applies to me, but I can reassure you that rather than being fanatic, I am well informed and committed to my faith and good science. If that means I am guilty of some 'crime' in your eyes, then I plead willingly and proudly guilty as I stand for accuracy in science, freedom of religion and more.I have many reasons to find 'god' and I am sure that I do not confuse my theology with my scientific endeavours, since both would suffer.I am still somewhat lost as to the nature of your argument but at least I can attempt to address your confusions.	AGAINST
4402	creation	But it's more than we don't understand' thus designed.  It's specified complexity.  Wherever we find specified complexity we find a designer.  But for the theological implications this would be non-controversal.      	FAVOR
4403	creation	"Yes Jim, we see objects on a daily basis that were not designed. Otherwise the word ""artifact"" wouldn't have any meaning.Also there wouldn't be any need for a special department for homicide- you do realize that we can tell the difference between a homicide, an accident and a natural death.BTW Christianity does not maintain that ""God"" Created everything AS IT IS TODAY."	FAVOR
4404	creation	You get a gold star! There has to be a first cause, and within Chaos Theory there is a possibility of artificial intelligence, but self awareness? That is the real problem. Any ideas on how man became self aware?	AGAINST
4405	creation	because you can't imagine a reason why both chimps and humans have a chunk of DNA that has the same viral code doesn't mean it's   evolution  .  It also doesn't mean God infected them both.I could easily see other reasons.. DNA is a code.. and follows rules in the manner it's formed.  If both species had encountered a disease it's not hard to believe the viral code would be in the same location.So called 'Junk' DNA is still quite a mystery... it was only recently that they began realizing it's not junk.  Matter of fact they are considering the possibility that the so called 'Junk DNA' may be the actual information for constructing the organism.. while the regular DNA is no more than the bricks and mortar to build with - It's possible junk DNA is more important.But since you shared your retrovirus story... I'll share a story with you.. How about the recent study on sea anemone's?     ''One of the big surprises of the anemone genome, says Swalla, is the discovery of blocks of DNA that have the same complement of genes as in the human genome. Individual genes may have swapped places, but often they have remained linked together despite hundreds of millions of years of evolution. . .  Moreover, the anemone genes look vertebratelike. They often are full of noncoding regions called introns, which are much less common in nematodes and fruit flies than in vertebrates. And more than 80% of the anemone introns are in the same places in humans. . . Finnerty and his graduate student James Sullivan also looked in the anemone genome for 283 human genes involved in a wide range of diseases. They will report in the July issue of Genome that they found 226. Moreover, in a few cases, such as the   breast cancer   gene BRCA2, the anemoneÃ•s version is more similar to the humanÃ•s than to the fruit flyÃ•s or to the nematodeÃ•s. . . This implies that even very ancient genomes were quite complex and contained most of the genes necessary to build todayÃ•s most sophisticated multicellular creatures. . . ''Interesting eh?  Why would the sea anemone have such complex DNA....?  As they put it.. it possibly has the genes capable of building today's most sophistacted multicellular creatures..  So then - did it always have them?  If it was a result of mutation.. why does it share so much in common with our own?The point is... there's more than meets the eye - and simply because you find a virus in chimps that is also in humans - this is not a proof of evolution from chimps... it just means (guess what) the same virus is in both.  Science is not   science   if it makes these kinds of assumptions.Many people like to say that we have 98% of the genes of the chimp..do you know we also have 78% of the genes of a BANANA!?does that lead you to believe we are related to a banana?question everything - science included.	FAVOR
4406	creation	Oh boy, here we go again. Weren't the first 1000 Creationism/Evolution debates enough?Now creationism to me makes much more sense... Evolution is a theory that has not been proven and i think probably never will be...I have never seen an ape evolve into a human and although i have never seen god that makes more sense then evolution.Creationism is also a theory and will definitely never be proven because it's untestable, i.e. it relies proving the existence of God first. Scientists have seen organisms evolve into different organisms both directly (e.g. bacteria) and indirectly (e.g. fossils).	AGAINST
4407	creation	"""And it never has and never will. So, irrelevant nonsense.""And it has, and always will. So therefore, relevant perspective.    /                 ""Nope. Your ignorance is abysmal.    ""Speak for yourself. In order to explain how RNA could have been the prime starter for the origin of life you must explain how all four nucleotide bases (adenine, cytosine, guanine, uracil), the five-carbon sugar ribose, and a phosphate group could have formed in the same primordial soup when all six of those things develop under completely DIFFERENT chemical conditions. It would be like baking a cake by manufacturing the flower, eggs, sugar, yeast, etc. in the exact same bowl. It can't happen:          And let's not forget the dreaded Spiegelman monster:    ""Nope - it's well-founded speculation. See above.""After seeing the above, I must ask: well-founded on what?BTW: Should we stick to cellular origins for now?"	FAVOR
4408	creation	--TJ10The government report on the issue validates the charges against the Smithsonian Institute. --In fact, the report shows exactly what Schloss reported. Seems that few people have actually read the report which includes the actual emails on which the report relied.TJ10, lacking in accuracy in his previous posting, is not holding back--TJ10The point is, they made his life miserable, started a smear campaign, tried to ruin his reputation, and tried to make life so miserable for him that he would resign.--Again not supported by the facts.Why is it that ID proponents tend to be so sloppy with  facts? I can understand that if one relies on ID sources for one's story, one may indeed be led to believe these 'facts' but with all the primary sources so readily available, there is no excuse for relying on 'hearsay'. Especially when some ID proponents have such a poor record in presenting the full story.  	AGAINST
4409	creation	ID may assert but as a science their contributions remain largely with content.I think you meant to type without, not with.  A reasonable infrence that a God created us in without content? 	FAVOR
4410	creation	I wish I could express my support for your comment more fully. Well said. 	AGAINST
4411	creation	 HAHAHA there's always one that slips through the net.  Firstly, there's concrete evidence that we have evolved.  Secondly, if God did create everything, then we would have EVOLVED from what he made.  Darwin was a genius and a legend man!  /> Thirdly, don't take the bible literally.  If you believe in the Adam and Eve bullshit then more fool you.  That book contradicts itself more times than I've flicked a light switch.  It's not something that's supposed to be taken literally.   /> Anyone hoppin' on ma ark tomorrow..? ;)	AGAINST
4412	creation	I was going to post a long reply discussing each quote in detail, but I decided this was SO much simpler.--Insert ALL quotes from the argument here--SO WHAT?  Quoting other researchers is not science.  Analyze the data, and show how it supports your hypothesis, or go home.  Make a prediction based on your hypothesis, or go home.Perform experiments, or find new data that validates your hypothesis, or go home.ID has no merit in any scientific field because it is at best an unfinished hypothesis that makes no predictions.	AGAINST
4413	creation	The only thing I take issue with in this argument is the comments about Lenski's work with e. coli.  I am not a scientist, but I was able to read Lenski's paper and understand it.  The paper was SPECIFICALLY about how the mutation allowing e. coli to begin metabolizing citrase (the Cit+ mutation) was dependent on some other prior mutation(s) that opened the evolutionary pathway.  Lenski published without having identified the exact prior mutation, simply because of how exciting this result is.  Let me make this perfectly clear, in case you don't want to read Lenski's paper:  The evolution of the Cit+ e. coli required one or more mutations that may not have affected the survivability of the e. coli population.  This means that e. coli which was unable to eat citrates, mutated at least twice, changing it's chemical nanotechnology once, in a manner that may not have affected the survivability of the population, then later, a mutation allowed the bacteria to make use of an alternate food source.This experiment IS the 'smoking gun.'  We have observed evolution in the lab.  We can repeat it.  We can make predictions based on it.  Darwinian evolutionary science does not explain design, because it was never meant to.  It explains exactly what we see, in the fossil record, in our own DNA, and now, in the lab:  Small inheritable random variations accumulate over vast numbers of generations to modify organisms, raising the possibility of their gene's survival to the maximum.	AGAINST
4414	creation	"Fact shmakt.That is just your opinion.Not everyone evolves. Look at Neanderthals. What happened to them? Did they die out on their own? Or was it MURDER?!!!And if its true that humans killed off the Neanderthals, can we really say it was natural selection; or is it necessarily artificial selection, having been done at the hands of humankind?*""This preservation of favourable variations and the rejection of injurious variations, I call Natural Selection."" - Charles Darwin,On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection, or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life."	FAVOR
4415	creation	"""The theory of   evolution   is flawed in that it is incapable of explaining how life on Earth began.""-LivvyExcept that the theory of Evolution has no bearing on the actual start of life.  It only takes effect once life begins, describing how that life adapts to changing physical   conditions  ""The accepted theory is that lightning struck primordial soup somewhere in the neighborhood of 4.6 billion years ago and a self-replicating cell just popped up.""-LivvyThat in no way describes the current theories about how life began.""The world's most brilliant scientists can't even figure out how to create a cell in a laboratory, so the chances of one just accidentally being created 5 billion years ago are incredibly slim.""-LivvySo intelligent agents cannot create life under strict lab conditions?  Seems more like an argument against ID, rather then for it... unless you are willing / able to demonstrate how an intelligent agent would be better at creating life then we are.""The reason we shun the idea of something creating us is because we believe that the beginning of life started on this planet. Not only is that theory egocentric, it's not backed by the evidence. The more physicists understand the relativity of time, the more elusive the ""beginning"" and ""end"" of time become.""-LivvyWhat does the the nature of time and string theory (which is in itself quite suspect) have to do with evolution vs. ID?""So something that was alive before us that came here to create the first life on Earth is absolutely not out of the question. Call it an alien invasion or whatever you like, but even Francis Crick (discoverer of DNA and the double helix) wrote that this theory has more merit than the ""lightning striking primordial soup"" idea of the Darwinists.""-LivvyWhich only pushes the question of the origin of life somewhere else... while adding the burden of how did that life get to Terra in the first place.What predictions does life being created elsewhere the being brought to Terra make, how could we test that theory and how could it be proven?"	AGAINST
4416	creation	"Obviously you haven't done much reading on the AiG website.  They often cite Hebrew scholars, have documented beliefs about Genesis during various times in church history, and address what you refer to as ""Biblical scholarship.""  Their website has a great search engine for anyone who really cares to find out.AiG promotes a straight forward reading of the Bible.  History (which includes Genesis 1-11) is read as history and poetry is read as poetry.  This is very natural for most people unless they have a problem with the straight forward comments.  No English translation I have used mentions a dome in Genesis 1, although the topic is discussed on their site at     .There are many ways in which the Bible is self-authenticating.  The consistency of the message (e.g. man's lostness and need for a savior), the numerous fulfilled prophecies, the multiple eyewitnesses of Christ's resurrection (who stuck by the truth of their testimony even when faced with death), and the fact that it is consistent with real life.  In the last respect, the awesome design in nature and the Bible's wisdom in human relationships are what I found most convincing.  For example, God commands that we forgive, but this makes no sense if God is not our Creator to whom we must give an account.  In psychology they have found out that forgiveness is very important to our well being.  There are other truths the Bible presents that science is catching up with too.You have failed to engage the arguments presented by AiG and failed to demonstrate that they ignore the Bible or science.        "	FAVOR
4417	creation	"include the transmission of the Biblical text. AiG's argument rests on accepting the text is perfect and their understanding is perfect.I'd rather go with the ""fallible"" apparent age of the Universe given by cosmic background radiation and recesion of galaxies than the errors that accumulate in a human book."	AGAINST
4418	creation	it's not that cut and dried..  some things were meant to be literal - others.. clearly not.Revelations is an example where clearly symbolism is used.  No fundamental christian could discount that symbolism is used alot... and metaphors.. and analogies...and parables.. etc. etc.So that leads us to the conclusion that you can't rule out symbolism in any other passage. - so really the question comes down to 'If you feel the Bible was divine in origin.. do you feel 6 day creation was meant literally'. -and really - I assume it was meant literal.. largely based on the reference to 'evening and morning' repeatedly.So just because you have an 'as is' Bible doesn't mean cultural relativism isn't the case in some aspects - 'an eye for an eye' - was the old   law  .. for example.. turn the other cheek was   the law   when Christ came..  other parts are documentation of jewish law - others the genealogical line of Jesus...  each section has to be interpreted individually for it's given intent... it's simply not an 'all or nothing'.. either literal or metaphor concept..  a full understanding is necessary.	FAVOR
4419	creation	--TJ10Again, you may have faith that methodological materialism will solve all of these problems in the distant future. Great. That is your belief. However, it is nothing more than that - a belief, a stand of faith. There is no guarantee.---Sure, we may have come to realize that MN is insufficient to address all problems, however why should we conclude 'design' based on just our ignorance. Just because there are some 'scientists' who believe something more is needed, this is neither sufficient justification and worse, they have failed to provide ANY method to extend the MN framework.The supernatural without constraints is no explanation since it explains anything.Hope you realize that ID scientists are given a voice to speak. But they somehow failed to speak, or perhaps they just whispered ?Why should we give credence to just anyone who makes ill supported claims? Do we still believe in a flat earth? What about cold fusion. At least these were falsifiable claims but ID is not in the business of presenting any scientific hypotheses relevant to ID, other than negative hypotheses about Darwinian theory.I do not believe that global warming is happening should not be an excuse for ignoring the facts. If ID proponents believe MN is insufficient then let them make their case: how does one reliably detect the design of God?And why should we expect that God was somehow forced to get involved in His original design? What explanatory power does it have to say that God designed 'x'? What if we replace God with 'magic pink unicorn'? What if science discovers a way to explain it ? Does this somehow disprove 'design'? What is meant by 'design'ID's contribution is not to show that MN is lacking but rather that our scientific explanations are lacking and even there, they fail to do much relevant work.	AGAINST
4420	creation	--BTW you people continue to ignore the fact that natural processes cannot account for the origins of nature because natural processes only exist IN nature.--Are you saying that natural processes can account for the evolution of nature because only natural processes exist in nature?--Joe GIt is a fact that design can be determined in the absence of a designer.--Sure, by understanding the constraints of the designer, the general motives, opportunities and means and other circumstantial evidence. This is called ordinary design.ID is about rarefied design which refuses to contrain the designer and thus lack a reliable method to infer design.I assume you have yet to read Wilkins and Elsberry's paper on this?That's a shame because it would lift a piece of the veil of ignorance we see so typically covering ID proponents' knowledge about science, whether it is the fact of common descent, a fact which even Behe accepts, or the scientific vacuity of design.	AGAINST
4421	creation	Like all theories Evolution has changed over the years because of new evidence was discovered.  The most current theory (modern synthesis) does not support long periods of no change then the sudden appearance of species, rather it describes long periods of slow change punctuated by occasion bursts revolving around sudden environmental shifts.Which is what   science   is about... changing theories when presented with new information that either reveals observations that the theory does not cover or is contradictory to that theory.  Contrast that to   religion   which, when presented with evidence contrary or outside of its beliefs, acts to suppress or ignore that evidence.	AGAINST
4422	creation	Read the whole comment that he makes first	AGAINST
4423	creation	"You argue, based on the FTE's claims that the term 'creation' and 'creationism' had nothing to do with religion. Now I understand why you want to rely on the DI and the FTE's claims but this means that you are shielded from the facts.As I said the term creation and creationism have clear meanings which help explain why the terms were quickly and abruptly changed after the Edwards ruling.Since you believe in design inferences, what inference is one but to make here.In addition you have fallen victim of the claim that just because the FTE was denied to be heard, that the argument was not heard. From the actual ruling--Judge JonesAs Plaintiffs meticulously and effectively presented to the Court, Pandas went through many drafts, several of which were completed prior to and some after the Supreme Court's decision in Edwards , which held that the Constitution forbids teaching creationism as science. By comparing the pre and post Edwards drafts of Pandas, three astonishing points emerge: (1) the definition for creation science in early drafts is identical to the definition of ID; (2) cognates of the word creation (creationism and creationist), which appeared approximately 150 times were deliberately and systematically replaced with the phrase ID; and (3) the changes occurred shortly after the Supreme Court held that creation science is religious and cannot be taught in public school science classes in Edwards. ***This word substitution is telling, significant, and reveals that a purposeful change of words was effected without any corresponding change in content, which directly refutes FTE's argument that by merely disregarding the words ""creation"" and ""creationism,"" FTE expressly rejected creationism in Pandas.*** In early pre-Edwards drafts of Pandas, the term ""creation"" was defined as ""various forms of life that began abruptly through an intelligent agency with their distinctive features intact Ã fish with fins and scales, birds with feathers, beaks, and wings, etc,"" the very same way in which ID is defined in the subsequent published versions. (P-560 at 210; P-1 at 2-13; P-562 at 2-14, P-652 at 2-15; P-6 at 99-100; P-11 at 99-100; P-856.2.). This definition was described by many witnesses for both parties, notably including defense experts Minnich and Fuller, as ""special creation"" of kinds of animals, an inherently religious and creationist concept. (28:85-86  (Fuller); Minnich Dep. at 34, May 26, 2005; Trial Tr. vol. 1, Miller Test., 141-42, Sept. 26, 2005; 9:10 (Haught); Trial Tr. vol. 33, Bonsell Test., 54-56, Oct. 31, 2005). Professor Behe's assertion that this passage was merely a description of appearances in the fossil record is illogical and defies the weight of the evidence that the passage is a conclusion about how life began based upon an interpretation of the fossil record, which is reinforced by the content of drafts of Pandas.---In other words, the terms as defined clearly mirrored what we know as 'creationism' and that it was an inherently religious concept. Even the expert witnesses for the defense, Minnich and Fuller had to admit this. Behe attempted to 'explain' away the evidence but was ruled to be illogical and the weight of the evidence presented.Thus the court concluded based on the evidence presented that--The weight of the evidence clearly demonstrates, as noted, that the systemic change from ""creation"" to ""intelligent design"" occurred sometime in 1987, after the Supreme Court's important Edwards decision. This compelling evidence strongly supports Plaintiffs' assertion that ID is creationism re-labeled. Importantly, the objective observer, whether adult or child, would conclude from the fact that Pandas posits a master intellect that the intelligent designer is God.--Such is the danger of relying on a biased set of documents from the publishers of Pandas and the Discovery Institute. So let's see at what the book 'argues'--The book argues that the origin of new organisms is ""in an immaterial cause: in a blueprint, a plan, a pattern, devised by an intelligent agent.""--Clearly supernatural since common intelligent designers do not require immaterial causes. In addition, the objections to evolutionary theory mirror the same flawed criticisms of earlier religious opposition. So no wonder that reviewers such as Kevin Padian, a biologist at University of California Berkeley .. called it ""a wholesale distortion of modern biology.--Of PandasCreation means that the various forms of life began abruptly through the agency of an intelligent creator with their distinctive features already intact. Fish with fins and scales, birds with feathers, beaks, and wings, etc--Exactly mirroring Christian apologetics..."	AGAINST
4424	creation	"Contra the ""Evolutionary Theory"", which is the selection of the fittest,*is the ""Antievolutionary Theory"", which is the antiselection of the unfittest. While this theory may be logically equivalent, it is still not accepted by the scientific community, but rather has been a victim of its own theory and been antiselected."	AGAINST
4425	creation	No ID does not claim the designer is human like, but since humans are the only known intelligence, that is the only thing they have to compare ID to.  	FAVOR
4426	creation	"""No, it means that the Word of God is internally consistent""Nonsense.  ""Self-authenticating"" is obviously in the eye of the believer.  But a skeptic says that phrase does not mean what you think it means.  Any old nonsense could be ""internally consistent"" - and completely wrong."	AGAINST
4427	creation	This thread has been kept going by three people who have voted no to the question of a six day creation. AIG has tried to defend Genesis using the weakest possible argument, and then left. They didn't even hang around to defend their position. 	AGAINST
4428	creation	    Talks about how procaryote cells (pre-  animals   and plants) converted CO2 and H2O into O2.    /~cfjps/1400/atmos_origin.htmlA bit more depth on where all the hydrogen and helium in the early atmosphere went... as well as a reiteration of the fact that our atmosphere is mostly Nitrogen.	AGAINST
4429	creation	Ã’  science   always wants to separate that messy first cell from   evolution   theory..Ã“Yes, because the theories of biological evolution only apply to living thingsÃ‰ if its not alive then it is chemistry.Ã’Science needs to explain all of the above. It needs to explain a universe which created itself, the first form of life that created itself and also a theory of evolution which operates with no actual mechanism except random mutation and survival.Ã“And that is what Science is working on, so far with an exceptional amount of success in comparison to the alternative of Ã”God did itÃ•.Ã’ None of these will work without an intelligence to guide them.Ã“Can you demonstrate this?Ã’Why hasn't evolution been proven wrong you ask? First off, it's not falsifiable!!! It's not even a proper scientific theory...because it has no actual means of being proven wrong.Ã“Sure it can beÃ‰ just clearly demonstrate an organism that has no evolutionary links.  No genetic similarities to any known creature, or no fossil record of ancestor species would do it.And how is Intelligent Design falsifiable?  Things like bacteria flagellum that were once held up as proof of ID have been shown to naturally evolve from other systems.Ã’ What's even more ridiculous is now science takes anything done in the various subjects like genetics as 'proof of evolution'.... The fact that someone found a chunk of DNA that was an old virus and pieced it back together is NOT PROOF of evolution... it's something we have learned simply by studying the genome. Of course genetics is related to other subjects like evolution... but it's not evolution.Ã“ItÃ•s not proof, but it is evidence to the existence of evolution.Ã’The problem is... if you feel that an animal changed in small steps without any guidance.. not all steps would be beneficial.Ã“Why not?  The intermediate steps could be either beneficial, or neutral to survival.Ã’The next problem is - the fossil record would NOT look the way that it does if this were the case. Ã’Then how would it look?Ã’Question: If an animal which has never had 'legs' evolved a new leg... how would it happen? Would it be in small steps or would it just sprout a leg?Ã“It would be small steps based on existing biological structures.  Tentacles can become limbs which can become legs after all.Ã’So where are the fossils for the many gradual steps of this leg forming.. or for that matter every single change that every single species has gone through?Ã“Fossilization is an uncommon processÃ‰ so not every living thing will end up as a fossil.  No Scientists has ever expected a perfectly complete fossil record.Ã’ Wouldn't you have to see at least one fossil with a partially formed leg?... no?... why not?Ã“How do you mean?  HavenÃ•t you seen the fossils of early amphibians?  They were very fish like with flippers that also acted like limbs to drag themselves across the land.Ã’We agreed that each step would be gradual... so why instead do we see nothing but fully functional   animals   in the fossil record?Ã“Because evolutionary steps are not driven towards some future goal, they are adaptations to present   conditions  .   The animals that we se are fully functional, and are transitional to later forms.Ã’ Why is it we see nothing of that sort living either? If you began the forming of a wing.. wouldn't there be tons of conspicuous transitions?Ã“Flight adaptations are very rare throughout historyÃ‰ though there are creatures like flying squirrels that may adapt to flight if the evolutionary pressures continue in that direction.Ã’You have seen 'The Transformers' right? In between two stages there would be many odd forms that simply have no logical function... but the fossil record doesn't show that. - So far the fossil record has shown nothing but the vast variety of God's creatures... nothing more.Ã“Transformers?  Really?Ã’Where are the transitional forms leading up to the   dinosaurs  ? How about giraffes? Cheetahs? Woodpeckers?Ã“The dinosaur evolutionary chain is rather well documented. Spondylosoma is the seen as the closest ancestor to true dinosaurs (if not the earliest dinosaur) Ã’Look at it and think about it... evolution is a lie.Ã“And the alternative is Ã’everything popped into beingÃ“?  Objectively which Ã”popped into beingÃ• story is the correct one?	AGAINST
4430	creation	"1)  It sounds like there was an overarching policy limiting students speech on campus for this one... it did not directly target religions, or a specific   religion  .2) no indication that the restrictions were targeted at religion.  The link that pointed towards 'denigrating religions that are unfavorable to   homosexuality  ' came back with a 404 error.3) it is up to the university to set their requirements... a student with no background in modern biological theories has as much place in a modern university program as a young-earther has in geology, or a geocentrist has in astronomy.4) From that article:""1. There was no official or written policy or understanding related to   abortion   or sterilization. There was, however, what appears to be a consensus among interviewers and committee members that those who opposed either required special questioning about their views. No such questioning was needed of those who supported such views.""""The 1978 Health, Education, and Welfare survey did not go far enough in the questions it posed, nor did it include the opinions of applicants, who would be better placed to answer its questions. Now another, more comprehensive, governmental survey would be appropriate with a wider scope to respond to the questions left unanswered by the 1978 survey.""5) World Net Daily?  Really?  In reading it I can see no documented instances of hatred, no indication that policies were enacted... just that students were worried about it.6/7) the actions of one lone professor... no evidence that it was supported by the school... so from six examples given ONE relates to a Christian student being harassed by his professor."	AGAINST
4431	creation	The purpose of the spiritual realm has never been to say how, but why. Spirituality will never give us the most efficient way to run an economy - and computers will never tell us how to live a fulfilling life. The authors of sacred texts never thought they were writing facts - they were writing truths. 	AGAINST
4432	creation	"The theory of evolution is not falsifiable."	FAVOR
4433	creation	Me...listen to a guy who has a fake Ph.D. from a diploma mill and has the gall to evade his taxes? Heck no. I've listened to their evidence, and it is less than convincing. 	AGAINST
4434	creation	I am confident there is a God.	FAVOR
4435	creation	 I am going to borrow from Churchill.  / It is the worst form of [a theory to explain our existence and the way life creates and flows] Except for everything else.  /> Thank you Winston.......	AGAINST
4436	creation	"I have found that most web sights about religion and   evolution   are bunk and are promoted by an agenda not open to reason. The mind is made up and that's it.Example fact, the OT is a collection of books written by Hebrew authors. They put to words what they believe was the revealed word of their God and was they were ALREADY practicing as a tribe.Fact, the Hebrew people were concerned about God's laws, not about science. The purpose of the Bible is man's salvation not a science text book. I believe both camps enfringe. Science is the study of the universe's physical processes, NOT origins. The ""Creationists"" shouldn't look to the Bible for scientific or Historic absolutes. Ex. nowhere is it claimed that Moses personally wrote the Torah but as was the custome of the day he was the likely author with scribes putting his words to the written form.    "	AGAINST
4437	creation	 I don't attempt to defend either intelligent design or creationism....However:  / Here is the problem with science: It is completely ill equipped to answer any questions of ascribing meaning.  Those of science cannot answer the question of why we are here.  There is no measurement or experiment that science has that can address this.  Because there is no ability to answer why, they say there is no why.  Those of faith use elements that are also outside the domain of science to answer their questions.  Through morality, love, virtues, evils etc. Life has meaning, and is elevated.    />   /> Making sense of life and of why we exist is not nonsense at all.  Personally, i find those questions of far greater depth, than all the hows.  Science in the end (for me) is less intellectually satisfying than theology and philosophy.	FAVOR
4438	creation	"FIRST of all YOU are sriritualy diserned from understanding until GOD moves upon your, HEART /MIND / CORE being...It is called CONVICTION, comming only from GOD's SPIRIT ...(INTERACTION) ...THE law,(COMMANDMENTS)were only given for MANKIND to see or conclude he NEEDS a SALVATION PLAN before GOD -MUST-/ administer the ""JUSTICE"" required for HIM to remain, GOD....THESE LAWS are something set up in ETERNITY past that must be followed to mantain GOD or ETERNITY or what ever, & is deemed neccessary for existance...THEY just are not arbitrary issues off the cuff ,so to speak...THEY are manditory for existance...IN all REALMS of ETERNITY...PREREQUISITS, if you will..."	FAVOR
4439	creation	as a prisoner.  His first year he was repeatedly moved, which a method of isolating a prisoner socially and psychologically.	AGAINST
4440	creation	--And as with ALL scientific inferences further research can either confirm or refute that inference.--Sure, just like 'we don't know' generates the same research or more than 'design (wink wink)' did it.So at best ID is nothing more than the 'we don't know' position, but rather than calling it ignorance, they call it 'design'. What a bait and switch.	AGAINST
4441	creation	Yes it is.	FAVOR
4442	creation	"--JoeWe look at the options. And the anti-ID option is ""it just happened"". We do have direct observatiuons of agencies designing rotary motors. We have NEVER observed nature, operating freely, even come close.--No the scientific position is 'we don't know'. Surely you should realize that misrepresenting the scientific position does little for your argument. And there are more than just two options. Chance, regularity, already provide two possibilities, not to mention the countless variations on this theme. Remind me again how ID 'explains' the bacterial flagellum? After all, was it not claimed to be an inference to the best explanation. Are you saying that there is no explanation?Weird, why would they then call it an inference to best explanation?...What do you think?--So when it comes to teaching the theory of evolution the only real answer is ""we don't know""- as in we don't know whether or not the transformations required by universal common descent are even possible via any amount of accumulated mutations.--Again missing the point, the 'we don't know' explanation is countered by real positive scientific hypotheses and these hypotheses have rendered the 'we don't know' hypothesis much less relevant. Of course minor questions still remain but the idea that there must be limits to evolution that would make common descent impossible are at best wishful thinking.It's sad how you continue to misunderstand science."	AGAINST
4443	creation	--SChen24--1. Secular Purpose. Note that this calls for the statute to have a secular purpose. It does not ban the statute from having a religious purpose, it merely requires a secular one. Does teaching/discussing ID have a secular purpose? It has many. For example, discussing ID can help students expand horizons. It teaches students to think critically. There are many others. I remember in the eighth grade, when we had to learn about the Moon Hoax as a part of science class. Whether it was right or wrong, whether it was wise to teach it, is all up for debate. But it IS constitutional to discuss it in science class.--That is exactly what the DI tried to argue, that ID has some secular purpose. But SChen forgot an important part 'that is not a sham', and thus while talking about ID as a bad example of science is hardly unconstitutional or enforcable, ID itself is not to be discussed as part of the curriculum in a science class.ID has NO secular purposes that are not shams, the judge realized this and ruled appropriately.	AGAINST
4444	creation	I believe arguments from the opposing camps that say 'it looks like it was designed, so it must have been designed' and 'natural selection could have produced it, so we believe natural selection did produce it' are not going to lead to resolution of this issue.The real question is - Is there any direct evidence that a particular feature actually was designed, or on the other hand, direct evidence that it arose through natural selection? This is clearly a very difficult question or to answer when the events took place long ago (pace YECs)On the ID side, I'm not aware of any evidence that any feature of any organism actually was designed. This would require evidence that a) designers existed b) they visited earth and c) they intervened in the modification of life.On the evolution by natural selection side, likewise I'm not aware if there is any evidence that a significant new feature, such as the human brain, actually did evolve this way. I think at the moment it's impossible to demonstrate either of these with direct evidence. So for me the next question is - in the absence of direct evidence either way, is it possible to say whether or not ID has merit?I think it is. This is because, as I understand it, ID makes no proposals as to the nature of the designers, when and how they designed life, why they don't appear to be around today, and what their own origin was. This means it is not really a theory, more a kind of problem statement.For evolution by natural selection, there is a proposed mechanism, which has been proven to work on small scale changes (point mutations). Other mechanisms are known that can modify the genome on a larger scale. Natural selection therefore doesn't have the blank spaces that ID does, and in my view has the right to be called a theory.	AGAINST
4445	creation	Science is testable. Suggest an experiment that would prove Intelligent Design.	AGAINST
4446	creation	--CaseyLate last night I posted my final rebuttals to the NCSE on OpposingViews.com. This makes 12 total rebuttals for the pro-ID side and zero for the anti-ID side (though Americans United did post a sur-rebuttal tellingly titled Ã’You Lost the Case -- Get Over ItÃ“). ---Over 375 comments, mostly showing the vacuity of ID, the NCSE need not respond. Casey's description of the NCSE's position is as usual full of empty accusations and yet fail to address the simple fact thatID is scientifically vacuous.Casey's response shows the full extent of the self deception and appeal to fallacies.Sad really but par for the course.Nuff said	AGAINST
4447	creation	"""A. Intelligent design does not study the designer, but rather studies natural objects to determine if they bear the tell-tale signs that they were designed by an intelligent cause.""And outside of action from a designer, how can the existence of an ""intelligent cause"" actually result in any physical change?It can't.  Whoops, your ""argument"" is showing cracks.Uh oh, you now have a bigger problem...First you claim ""A. Intelligent design does not study the designer, but rather studies natural objects to determine if they bear the tell-tale signs that they were designed by an intelligent cause.""Then you claim""But ID is not focused on studying the actual intelligent cause responsible for life.""So, you say it's about studying the intelligent cause, then you say it isn't, and we're supposed ot take you seriously?ID is nonsense, and it's so far from   science   that claiming it follows scientific method immediately invalidates one's opinion."	AGAINST
4448	creation	 Yes I believe the theory of evolution is wrong as there are no scientific facts about that. Every living thing on this earth is created by God with miracle. If we see creation of this universe then every single thing gives us the idea of the greatness of God. God first made Adam and Eve. Adam was the first human being and then the human race begins from there. If you think, how the first man was made then logic says that some creator has created the first man and He is God. Similarly is the case of every living thing on this earth. These creatures are created by God.	FAVOR
4449	creation	No, that is also incorrect.When a genetic mutation occurs in the brain it causes cancer...somtimes. Also sometimes not. But that said what is being argued ergo the question at hand, that is: Has evolution been scientifically proved, has not here been fully addressed. Or has it?What is observed in mayflies living within the environment (but never outside of one) can only be the only basis of the only possible conclusion which is - uncertain. But that is known; we haven't assumed enough of the mechanics behind the mechanics behind evolutionary action.while evolution may take our life,it will never take (pause) our FREDOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	FAVOR
4450	creation	Just look around. There is know bang that can do all.This is a no brainer!	FAVOR
4451	creation	"Saying there are experts on Intelligent Design is like saying there are experts on astrology.ID is a pseudoscience.  The best definition of pseudoscience comes from Prof. Thagard at the univ. of Wisconsin.""A theory or discipline which purports to be scientific is pseudoscientific if and only if:1. it has been less progressive than alternative theories over a long period of time, and faces many unsolved problems; but2. the community of practitioners makes little attempt to develop the theory towards solutions of the problems, shows no concern for attempts to evaluate the theory in ralation to others, and is selective in considering confirmation and disconfirmations.""        "	AGAINST
4452	creation	"Intelligent Design has been misrepresented as some kackamamy religiously motivated scheme by those who are afraid to challenge what they believe in.  This misrepresentation is not true.  Intelligent design is a bold and controversial new theory based on careful examination of genetics, astronomy, and biology.  It is rapidly spreading through the scientific community, despite the bad name put forward by the Ayn Rand center and others.  This theory is not the eyeball example that everyone has heard.  ""The human eye is far too complex to have come into being by chance, mwah, mwah mwah, mwah mwah.""  No!  That is an opinion, not scientific fact.  Intelligent Design has demonstrated using genetics and statistics that the chances of even the simplest life randomly occuring are too small to be statistically valid.  That is a fact, not an opinion.  The logical conclusion, then, is that for life to exist, some kind of designer is required.  Committed Secularists, Objectivists, and other followers of violently atheistic religions are now terrified that, for the first time in a long time, science supports theism.  As a result of this terror, they are religiously attacking this threat."	FAVOR
4453	creation	"--It is entirely misleading to imply that ""Academic Freedom is gives license to Present Non-Science, like ID""These academic freedom bills, which typically work in conjunction with the science standards are written to strictly prohibit the teaching of religion, creationism, Ã’creation scienceÃ“, Ã’creation factsÃ“, and ID.--Indeed, they are, lacking any scientific content of ID, quite the same. The history of ID, via the Wedge Document, and the seminal work of Barbara Forrest and Paul R Gross titled ""Creationism's Trojan Horse: The Wedge of Intelligent Design"" should be an addition to anyone's library. See for more information         /--Island--This kind of stereotypically predictable reaction-ism, and the ideologically distorted half-truths or blatant lies that go with it, are the reason why IÃ•ve started this very incomplete list for the next academic freedom go-round in Florida.--You may be too harsh towards ID proponents. As I and others have, quite convincingly I would argue, shown, the right to speak is not a right to be heard. Certainly, there is no compelling reason why ID has earned a right to be heard in science classes, not because it is religiously motivated, that seems self evident, but rather because it has no scientific content.As to ID's claims against evolutionary theory, Nick Matzke is doing a fine job at exposing how ignorance or avoidance of scientific research can lead one to make some very silly claims about what evolution can and cannot do. For an even more chilling example, I suggest one reads Wells' ""Icons of Evolution"" and then the scientific reality as documented by the NCSE        /claims of academic freedom to attempt to get scientifically vacuous ideas introduced into our schools' curricula should be rejected by anyone interested in the future of education in this country."	AGAINST
4454	creation	IT SHOULD READ:Truth is probably the best factor in determining intelligence and one cannot have it withOUT Gd!	FAVOR
4455	creation	This rather poorly phrased term, suggests that there may be an enigma but let's look at the apparent correlation between habitability and our existence as observers. Is it not remarkable how so many tribes managed to find themselves located at exactly the spots where rivers ran into oceans, enabling not only an inflow of fresh water but also the protection by a moderated climate. Even more remarkable is how the ocean would provide for important sources of protein (fish etc) and enable trade with other tribes.What a the chances that life would thrive at exactly these places... Other than these nasty tsunamis and hurricanes...Thus we start to understand the Goldilocks aspect better. In fact, while the porridge, bed and chair of the child bear was exactly the right size for the teenager who intruded, other 'guests' would have found the father or mother bear's porridge etc much more to their likings.In other words, we observers are biased to be in locations in which our existence is not just possible but also likely given the environment.Some may call this an enigma others just observe the logic behind such a correlation. Simple really and so if the anti-copernicans are interested in presenting their thesis and predictions, then fine. Pointing at some quotes and some yet to be understood data hardly seems sufficient for such a position.Note that as is the case with science, there may be more to this coincidence but its up to those proposing it to present their evidence and make their case.That's how real science is done, and that's why ID continues to fail to be scientifically relevant.	AGAINST
4456	creation	Your friend PvM gave out in this discussion:    Do you have any evidence that ID is religious that PvM was unable to bring up in those discussions? 	FAVOR
4457	creation	If God knew how it would turn out when he created the world, the whole thing would be kind of pointless.  God doesn't know our future but all our possible futures. Think of life as a choose your own adventure book. If you listen, God will tell you which way to go, but you always have free will.	AGAINST
4458	creation	So your argument is, by pushing scientists to find more junk DNA (it is, in fact, useless to the organism,) vestigial limbs (my tailbone does nothing and has no purpose, and I could have it removed with no damage to my functioning,) and other disproofs of Intelligent Design, ID serves the purpose of annoying scientists into progress?Couldn't you just advance the cause of science by doing experiments and recording data?	AGAINST
4459	creation	Could it be that you are biased against   religion  ? Because, I hate to break it to you but   Christians   believe that the world is round, so does that mean you disagree? Your foundation should be on whether or not your point of view is provable and truthful. I think   intelligent design   has merit on the same level as any other possible theories such as   creationism   and when we are closed minded to options thats when the evolution theory starts to break down and its probability is no more likely than any other theory, a hypothesis at best.	FAVOR
4460	creation	"The response by the Discovery Institute says that the ""methodology for detecting design (which I discuss in my first opening statement) is entirely empirical and scientific."" and ""As William Dembski explains: ""Intelligent design is the science that studies signs of intelligence."" Unfortunately, a review of the entire corpus of actual scientific journal articles reveals an inconvenient truth:  The so-called empirical scientific truths of intelligent design creationism seem to be entirely missing.  A disinterested observor searching for signs of intelligence in the search for signs of intelligence would find statements such as this 2003 quote from Philip Johnson, one of the originators of the intelligent design movement, on a Christian radio talk show: ""Our strategy has been to change the subject a bit, so that we can get the issue of intelligent design, which really means the reality of God, before the academic world and into the schools."" And here's a 1996 quote from Philip Johnson: ""This (intelligent design) isn't really, and never has been, a debate about science. It's about religion."" This is as good as it gets, straight from their prophet's mouth. And as Judge Jones ruled in 2005, ""We have concluded that intelligent design is not science, and moreover that intelligent design cannot uncouple itself from its creationist, and thus religious, antecedents.""  Judge Jones also stated: ""It is ironic that several of these individuals, who so staunchly and proudly touted their religious convictions in public, would time and again lie to cover their tracks and disguise the real purpose behind the intelligent design policy.""Intelligent design creationism may have religious merit, but it certainly has utterly no scientific merit. "	AGAINST
4461	creation	"We may disagree as to the ability of ID proponents to explain the ultimate source of complexity. Since ID argues that complexity can only come from more complexity, the original source of the complexity found in our universe has to be caused by something even more complex, leading to the inevitable question of who designed this higher form of complexity.Claiming that ""it's turtles all the way down"" and that the original source of complexity has always existed is not a scientific claim."	AGAINST
4462	creation	"""Some foolish men declare that a Creator made the world. The doctrine that the world was created is ill-advised, and should be rejected. If God created the world, where was he before creation?... How could God have made the world without any raw material? If you say He made this first, and then the world, you are faced with an endless regression... Know that the world is uncreated, as time itself is, without beginning and end. And it is based on principles.""Mahapurana by JinasenaTotal ignorance. God CREATED time. There was no ""before"". God created space. God created matter. It's evolutionists that have no answer for where the ""raw material"" came from. God says:For by him all things were created: things in heaven and on earth, visible and invisible, whether thrones or powers or rulers or authorities; all things were created by him and for him. He is before all things, and in him all things hold together. Colossians 1:16-17But they deliberately forget that long ago by God's word the heavens existed and the earth was formed out of water and by water. By these waters also the world of that time was deluged and destroyed. By the same word the present heavens and earth are reserved for fire, being kept for the day of judgment and destruction of ungodly men.2 Peter 3:5-7 (New International Version)For the time will come when men will not put up with sound doctrine. Instead, to suit their own desires, they will gather around them a great number of teachers to say what their itching ears want to hear. They will turn their ears away from the truth and turn aside to myths.2 Timothy 4:3-4For since the creation of the world God's invisible qualitiesÃ‘his eternal power and divine natureÃ‘have been clearly seen, being understood from what has been made, so that men are without excuse.Romans 1:20"	FAVOR
4463	creation	"With all due respects, here is my Bottom Line, though I run the risk of being arrogan and ""closed-minded,"" I only write for the Judeo-Christian World View.  This is mainly due to a time-factor...I only have one life on Earth in which to learn.  Therefore, I don't have time to explore any other world views because there is still so much for me to learn from this one.Your point is well-taken.  My applied logic only works for those who see the world as I do...However, I will address a couple of your concerns.First, since it is impossible for God to sin, God would never be deceptive.  Yet, THAT once given, we may now turn our attention to humans who do something similar.  It is openly taught on HGTV!It's the creation of faux surfaces, like faux rust and faux marble.  For our discussion faux rust is the most germaine.  These artists create rust and various apparently aged surfaces through chemical processes that could be expected to leave various types of residue.If The LORD chose to do something, like that, He could do an infinitely better job than we humans can.My point in my original comment was not to state some superior knowledge, but to explore a probable hypothesis that explains logically (at least to my mind) how the world works.Thanks for just a little room for letting a guy ""think out-loud.""  :)"	FAVOR
4464	creation	"First of all, I have no ""presupposed attitude."" I was a young earth creationist like yourself when I was first introduced to these issues. If anything, that was my presupposed attitude, and it took years for me to overcome it. If you think original sin, substitutionary atonement, and the trinity are obvious when reading the scripture ""as a whole,"" then I highly suggest that you read the works of Christians who would disagree with you. I particularly enjoyed Tom Harpur.I don't know how better to state this: The theory of evolution is the most extensively verified theory of science outside the mathematical precision of physics. No other theory has the same extent of converging, collaborative evidence from such a diversity of scientific disciplines over the past century. Paleontology, anatomy, biochemistry, genetics, medicine, psychology, sociology, geology, astronomy, and even computer science are just a few examples of the fields independently producing volumes of observations that validate the theory of evolution.As an example, consider human retroviruses. An endogenous retrovirus is a virus that infects gametes and becomes part of the genetic makeup of a species. These fragments of DNA make up about eight percent of the human genetic code, and thousands of them are in the exact same locations in chimpanzees. If chimpanzees and humans were created separately then the probability that the same viruses would infect the same locations in our genetic codes is near impossible. The only two viable explanations are that (1) we share a common ancestral population with chimpanzees or (2) the creator pre-infected both species with the same viruses in the same genetic locations. Is the second explanation compatible with your god or your notion of original sin?      That is just one example of thousands from genetics alone that validate the theory of evolution. Evolution is not irrefutable, but it has an incalculably high probability of being correct based on our observations. There is no controversy among professionals: evolution happened. The only disagreement that still exist are over the details.Ambiogenesis is a separate theory because Darwin's theory never dealt with the first life. His theory presupposed the existence of life to explain the development of biodiversity. God may have created the first life, and the theory of evolution would still be correct. Ambiogenesis is an area of ongoing research complicated by the fact that the earliest life did not fossilize, but it appears increasingly likely that the earliest self-replicating molecules formed naturally. Most of the molecules required by the simplest cells are naturally occurring.You suggested a conspiracy theory to force the theory of evolution into schools. There are thousands of scientists all over the globe from every creed, ethnicity, and nation relying upon the theory in their daily work. To suggest that all these individuals are complicit in a global conspiracy to force the theory onto school children is ludicrous. If evolution were indeed a lie, the whistle blower who could explain exactly how the theory is flawed would become a household name overnight. She would have more grant money than she could spend. In such a competitive profession, why hasn't this happened?"	AGAINST
4465	creation	Evolution has actually never been observed. The aftermath of it has been observed. But there is no concrete evidence. Now mutations have been observed but mutation and evolution are two different things.	FAVOR
4466	creation	Remember this is about Island's claim and Carter's arguments. I will leave it to the interested reader as to whether or not Island's description was correct. That Island reads into Carter's points as a 'cure for the disease' it was to avoid exactly the special pleadings to new models and rely on the existing models to explain what Carter described as the anthropic principle. It does help to read the actual paper, which is btw available to anyone interested.You seem to call this a 'prejudice' but that is understandable since you seem to rely on a yet to be defined 'hypothetical model' which you believe explains the observations better, although lacking the details such a claim has to be dismissed as lacking in specifics.The reason to formulate the 'anthropic principles' was well described by Carter--... that far from being evidence in favour of exotic theories these coincidences should rather be considered as confirming 'conventional' (General Relativistic Big Bang) physics and cosmology which could in principle have been used to predict them all in advance of their observation.--As long as one uses the anthropic principles which I described in more detail.Others have come to the similar, reasonable conclusion--The modern era of anthropic reasoning dawned quite recently, with a series of papers by Brandon Carter, another cosmologist. Carter coined the term Ã’anthropic principleÃ“ in 1974, clearly intending it to convey some useful guidance about how to reason under observation selection effects. We shall later look at some examples of how he applied his methodological ideas to both physics and biology. While Carter himself evidently knew how to apply his principle to get interesting results, he unfortunately did not manage to explain it well enough to enable all his followers to do the same.--Source:  Nick Bostrom        	AGAINST
4467	creation	"If creationism should be taught, it should not be taught in science classes. Opponents point out that there is no scientific controversy, but only a political and religious one, therefore ""teaching the controversy"" would only be appropriate in a social studies, religion, or philosophy class."	AGAINST
4468	creation	"PvM:(1)  ""Ask yourself this simple question: How does ID explain the bacterial flagella?(2)  ""It doesn't, it merely calls it 'designed' which is a placeholder for our ignorance as to how to explain the flagella.""(1)  Answer:  It's a machine with functional components.  The design and construct process is largely unknown, but researchable.(2)  The 'designed' designation IS in fact a placeholder, but for further study.  This brings up a common complaint that ID offers no testable hypotheses.  I submit that a hypothesis comes first; the testing later.  Since there's no funding, and there is stigma attached, there has been little confirming research done as yet.  I predict that that will change with the new crop of scientists, a few of whom may see its relevance, and pursue it.  A word to any out there who may fit that category.  That word is 'Nobel.'"	FAVOR
4469	creation	 I do not believe that we evolved from monkeys or any other animal i believe that god created us in his own image	FAVOR
4470	creation	"""I am glad that someone is trying to oppose the paradigm of undirected chance/non-intelligent necessity.""Why are you so ignorant about science that you are ""glad""?  Because your religious sensibilities are offended?""As to your characterization of the controversy as ""none"", I assume you are using hyperbole to make a point""Nope.  It is quite true that there is no scientific controversy.  There is science and there is anti-science religious nonsense and that does not make a ""controversy"".""The list helps people who are not scientifically inclined to at least consider that Darwinism is not necessarily.""In other words, people who do not really understand this non-scientific public relations campaign may be fooled into considering that the scientific Theory of Evolution is not true?  Yes, that is the purpose of their public relations campaign."	AGAINST
4471	creation	--The bottom line is some interpretations of evolution leave little room for a caring God.--Which I argue is the main reason people have come to embrace ID and object to science. And yet, when God was removed as a necessity from the stability of planetary orbits, noone objected.So Crick says that we must not confuse what we see with 'design' and proposes a valid, testable scientific hypothesis. ID says that we should not confuse what we see with absence of 'design' and produces no competing hypotheses.--JimI donÃ•t believe science will ever be able to prove or disprove the existence of a personal, caring God. But thatÃ•s the point. Right now many are using evolution as if it already has proven that God has nothing to do with our existence. That has not been proven and ID reminds of us of that. Jim--Science will never be able to do so and if you allow others to define this as if it has happened then you are granting these atheists a lot of power. If ID is just about reminding us of this then surely it has far less of a relevance as a scientific contributor than most imagine it does.--JimThis is the view that life is the result of random, purposeless arrangements of molecules shaped by natural selection. Where does God come in? Little or no room for God in this interpretation. Hence if you believe that you can be an atheist. If it is true you are almost certainly right in your belief.--Well, atheists have the advantage that they can incorporate science easily as it does not interfere with their philosophical position, but that does not mean that Christians cannot reconcile the fact of evolution, the mechanisms of evolution with the concept of a caring God. In other words, accepting evolution does not force you either way, although I agree that given the position of some Christians, science is in fact at odds with faith. That's too bad, but rather than throw up our arms and proclaim, science must be wrong because I cannot imagine how there is room for a loving God now that He is not a necessity anymore, shows, in my personal opinion, a severe lack of faith.	AGAINST
4472	creation	"""And I understand that God knows every future event before it ever occurs.""So if God has a perfect view of the future then God knew that when he created Adam/Eve, and placed the Tree of Knowledge in Eden that Adam/Eve would not be able to resist the temptation?  Indeed creating them without enough willpower to do so?Or even before that... God created Adam and saw that he was lonely... but God already knew that Adam was going to be lonely.  Why create Adam, wait for him to get lonely, then create Eve?If we take both the Bible as the literal truth, and the view that God is omniscient, then that means that God deliberately created an imperfect mankind... and if we further take that God is omnipotent then that means that God created an imperfect mankind even though a perfect mankind could be created. ""Some of the translations I wouldn't recommend.. they are in my opinion clearly inferior versions.. ""What makes those translations inferior?  God created the Bible knowing that they would be translated that way, so obviously those translations are exactly as God intended them to be.""Are you familiar with the commandment 'Thou Shalt not Kill?'... is there some question about it's proper translation?""Actually yes... a more accurate translation is often seen as 'Thou shall not   murder  ', which is distinct from 'Thou shall not Kill'.'Thou shall not kill' isn't a very practical commandment as we kill things all the time.  Trees are killed every time they are cut down after all.  There is no wiggle room in that statement... but 'Thou shall not murder' allows us to go about our daily lives.""or 'spare the rod, spoil the child'...""Beating your   children   is somewhat frowned upon these days.""So you feel that a God which can create the universe somehow can't create light without the Sun? I'm pretty sure YOU can even create light without the Sun - in many ways even.""What about those who don't believe in the Christian God?"	AGAINST
4473	creation	"Richard Dawkins."	AGAINST
4474	creation	We have two different literal interpretations. One agrees with   science   the other doesn't.  It seems more logical to take the literal interpretation that agrees with both. The added advantage is that with the old age interpretation non-believers have to deal with the fact that Genesis I is far more accurate then should be possible. They wrote things that they could not possibly known. 	AGAINST
4475	creation	The flu virus doesn't evolve, it mutates. Mutation and evolution are two different things. Evolution has never been witnessed happening. Scientists in support of evolution even state that. Evolution is a theory with a good argument, but it is a theory none-the-less.	FAVOR
4476	creation	The cause of the big bang is currently unknown, but it is also undergoing investigation.  Once a theory is found then where will that leave the supernatural?  Where will it leave the designer?	AGAINST
4477	creation	 People who believe that god created the earth keep saying that they got this from the bible. History says that the bible was written by a few profits that claimed to hear the voice of god. All the bible is, is a book written by some guys who heard some voices in their heads, and people today are making judgments by that writing without any evidence to support those judgements. Evolution however does have evidence.	AGAINST
4478	creation	"Very interesting summary. I always thought the light on the first day was the sun, but that is another argument. In school I was taught that in the beginning the atmosphere was fogy filled with heavy gases. When the plants formed they filtered the atmosphere. ""So the Bible was right!"" But the teacher says ""how could they have known."" ""God"" I answered.  "	AGAINST
4479	creation	"""The dangers of creationism in education"". Council of Europe. 8 June 2007"	AGAINST
4480	creation	"Should we just reject the big-bang as being unscientific since it would require a supernatural cause (according to the 2nd premise you list)? Is the best you can really come up with is ""Who designed the designer?"""	FAVOR
4481	creation	So how is that not stupid? If you can see the evidence for something, and you continue to believe something else based on no evidence, that is stupid. That's like me believing that people can fly because I read it in Peter Pan, and continually denying that people cant fly despite the evidence against it. Denial does not excuse stupidity.	AGAINST
4482	creation	But where does that leave ID?  Without a theory for the designer then that aspect remains unknown, and would thus be called supernatural.	AGAINST
4483	creation	 As a general common sense rule you really shouldn't get into a debate against Evolution unless you have some basic understanding of the process of Evolution. Otherwise, you make false statements and use worn out phrases that creationist have used for years to run-down evolution. For the most part creationist deny evolution because it contradicts what they believe, so they choose not to even begin to understand evolution.	AGAINST
4484	creation	My point was not that Genesis contradicted itself but that if you took it literally it contradicted itself. The problem is not with Genesis so much as a literal interpretation of Genesis. You have to get away from literalism to make sense of the two creation stories, with their different orders of creation. You have proved my point by showing how a less than literal interpretation of the passages gets round the problem of a literal interpretation.	AGAINST
4485	creation	You give interesting and complex answers.  I will have to read over them several times and think about them.  I'll respond when I feel I understand what you are saying.  Right now I just don't have the time to digest this.    	FAVOR
4486	creation	"In arguing for the existence of god, Dr. Rihards' states... ""we see physical laws that look like they were set up for the existence of complex life"".This from a man who is committed to Intelligent Design, which is at its core, the the idea that physical laws are not sufficient to account for complex life."	AGAINST
4487	creation	Intelligent design is the conclusion of deductive reasoning. No other conclusion can be validly deduced. (The degree of faith that is required to embrace an unintelligent design greatly exceeds a rational faith)	FAVOR
4488	creation	"You mean ones like 'WMAP shows that we are at the center of the universe' or the quote of Carter?Well, I realize that one does remain ""The Goldilocks Enigma is a falsifiable observation that makes testable predictions:""As I already explained though observations are seldomly falsified as they are based on observed data. What science does is, given these observations, to propose a hypothesis to explain the coincidence. You claim that you have provided a 'falsifiable prediction' but so far the prediction at best is ad hoc, not surprisingly perhaps because there appears to be a lacking 'hypothesis' to support your 'prediction'.--IslandI gave supported examples for how the predictive capabilities of the Goldilocks Enigma lie in the balance between diametrically opposing runaway tendencies .--A meaningless statement really. You referred to the work by Ryals (aka island) who made some pretty ad hoc claims. But perhaps, I may not fully understand your position which seems to be based mostly on perusing some literature which you believe shows non-copernican tendencies and then claim 'see...'. What I see is how science is exploring a large variety of plausible explanations for the observations and is not jumping to conclusions without a good supporting base of hypotheses and data. Which is why most suggest that we basically do not know how to explain the correlations and alignment of the data in WMAP, especially now that science has found how these are lacking in other data from MASS2. In fact, the author suggests that the tools to detect these anomalies may be lacking. In other words, --A better approach to the search for non-Gaussianity in the CMB data may be through more theoretically motivated searches. With blind searches we fall into the trap that one can always Ãžnd a non-Gaussian signal in a map, even if it is consistent with Gaussianity. Thus general non-Gaussian detections can easily be dismissed. However, blind searches have the advantage of scope, and can detect the signatures of new physics. In either case, we can still improve on ourcurrent investigations. The wealth of statistics employed in the literature are not independent, but the degeneracies and correlations are not clear.--That by itself should be sufficient a warning to not conclude that the WMAP data _shows_ that we are at the center of the universe. At best one may argue that it is consistent with such, although even that one lacks in sufficient theoretical evidence. In other words, what is missing is showing that this is exactly a prediction or outcome of the model which Island prefers. Although he has hinted at the Einstein model, it is far from clear that this is the one he has in mind as specifics seem to be largely lacking.In order to do some real science, I suggest that Island presents his preferred model, without which it is impossible to evaluate his claims, and then shows that the model indeed predicts or explains the observed correlations and alignments.That's what science would do."	AGAINST
4489	creation	"--IDNET--The writer of this piece is working for a salary. His job means he has to fight ID.---Just like the Discovery Institutes pays it people you mean? And if ID were not scientifically vacuous and being introduced inappropriately into the school curriculums, the NCSE would not be involved.--IDNET--The claim that ""ID promoters insist that religious belief compels the rejection of well-established results from well-developed scientific fields like evolution"" is clearly false. Note that he gives NO SPECIFIC EXAMPLES, only generalities.--Just because not examples were given does not make it false.--IDNETD promoters do not reject ANY facts or well established results. We simply reject the extrapolation of small or trivial results to explain massive problems in the road from molecules to man.---So I presume this to mean that you reject ID then?"	AGAINST
4490	creation	"""The question ""Who Designed the Designer?"" is outside the scope of the scientific theory of ID, and is thus a philosophical or theological question that can only be addressed via philosophy or theology.""So, to be very clear, ID posits that there is an entity which designs things. This entity is part of the 'scientific' explanation of ID. However, the nature and origin of this entity is ""philosophical or theological question"" outside the scope of science. By placing the very foundation of the explanation of ID, the designer, outside the bound of scientific investigation Mr. Luskin exposes the fact that he believes the designer must be super-natural. Mr. Luskin cant have it both ways, either the designer is part of a scientific explanation, and therefore amenable to scientific investigation, or the designer is scientifically off-limits, and therefore ID is non-scientific. Repeating myself for clarity. Alegedly the designer of life could be intelligent aliens, like say Mr. Spock. If the question of my own origin is a scientific question with a scientific answer, then the question of Mr. Spock's origin is a scientific question with a scientific answer. If the question of my designers origin is not scientific and does not have a scientific answer, then my designer cannot be Mr. Spock, and my designer must be a super natural entity.And a third time.All natural explanations can be framed within science explanations. An explanation that cannot be framed scientifically, must not be a natural explanation, and this is colloquially referred to as a super natural explanation.  Since the origin of the designer cannot be framed scientifically, the origin of the designer must have been a supernatural event, or the designer itself is supernatural. Q.E.D.Mr. Luskin, I think you owe the world an apology at some point. "	AGAINST
4491	creation	"--Joe GBTW Christianity does not maintain that ""God"" Created everything AS IT IS TODAY.--Some versions of Christianity in fact do seem to do this as they allow only for minor variation. However, this is an important comment since it shows that the concept of 'front loading' which removes the design event to outside our direct observation, is fully compatible with science as we know it and thus the addition of the need of a 'designer' seems rather ad hoc and perhaps unnecessary. ID however proposes no way to resolve this conundrum, which is why, in the minds of so many, ID is scientifically vacuous."	AGAINST
4492	creation	Knowing something to be true and accepting a contradictory story that you know is untrue is even more stupid. Other people on this debate say that creationists are simply ignorant, not stupid. However, what you are advocating is that these people know the truth and still don't believe it. If that isn't stupidity, I don't know what is.	AGAINST
4493	creation	After some diversions to point out that Augustine himself held some inconsistent positions, TJ finally comes to the quote I provided--TJ10I understand what he is saying, but for this to be valid, the unbeliever has to accurate in what he believes. Just because neo-darwinism is the currently accepted theory by most scientists does not meant that it is right.--The fact of evolution is so strong that denying it is foolish. Neo-Darwinism is the best explanation and there are no scientifically viable alternatives, even though the DI claims that ID should be considered one. This is like saying that the fact of gravity and the theory by Laplace caused us to reject God's necessity in the orbits of planets.If you are interested in discussing evolution, give it your best shot. ID has done little in this area and we could benefit from some real discussions. Give us your best explanation of the fact of common descent as outlined in 29+ Evidences for Macroevolution The Scientific Case for Common Descent        /	AGAINST
4494	creation	I don't see what is so hard about it. I will start be quoting a bible verse.I am the LORD, the God of all mankind. Is anything too hard for me? Jeremiah 32:27Now one has ever convinced me that I should take anything other than the literal view of the bible.  If you truly want to find a great relationship with God, just believe Him.The root of the problem has to do with your view of God.  Is He a weak God, or is He a God who can do anything. There is not good reason to believe otherwise.Flip	FAVOR
4495	creation	"As I said earlier experience demonstrates that it matters a great deal to an investigation whether or not that which is being investigated occurred via agency involvement or by nature, operating freely.There is just no getting around that fact.As for the ""bait and switch""- that would be you. Who else would say ""we don't know"" and then allow the teaching of the ""no design allowed"" position?""We don't know but we do know a designer wasn't involved."""	FAVOR
4496	creation	scientific evidence do you need? I mean, we've got writing from before 4000 years ago, evidence of mankind's making things over 10,000 years old. 	AGAINST
4497	creation	"""That in no way describes the current theories about how life began.""So would you like to give a better explanation on what current OoL theories exist? This is definitely a subject in origins debate that interests me most.""So intelligent agents cannot create life under strict lab   conditions  ? Seems more like an argument against ID, rather then for it...""The fact that scientists who claim life can emerge without planning can't even execute the same processes on their own seems to show just how big a skillset the agency in question really is. ""unless you are willing / able to demonstrate how an intelligent agent would be better at creating life then we are.""My Mac is undesigned by that reasoning. I can't build one, and I don't know how it's possible for anyone to manufacture one. ""Which only pushes the question of the origin of life somewhere else... while adding the burden of how did that life get to Terra in the first place.""With respect to exogenesis and panspermia in general, you're right."	FAVOR
4498	creation	" Evolution is STILL happening.. Viruses evolve constantly to not be ""killed off"" by antibiotics, which is why we have to constantly change the antibiotics. Everything evolves currently. Even humans.....the average height of a grown man in 1800 was a lot shorter than that of a man today.Evolution. I could go on for days about the proof. Just because an ancient book written by people who weren't exposed to modern science says nothing about it doesn't mean science is a lie. You can't argue w/ science, sorry."	AGAINST
4499	creation	 I don't believe in evolution, or anything contemporary beyond the dictionary definition of it. But one thing many non evolutionists need to believe is, that most evolutionists have way too many ways of defining evolution. First there is periodic evolution, then a gradual changing species, or even a change in genetic DNA(not mutation but simple reproduction). The DNA example can be something as insignificant as my parents made me and that is sufficient enough as proof as I am a byproduct of evolution. Any way you flip it, the hard result is that I am still a human being. Not evolving too fast, eh? I think we need to better define what is evolving and how other than the use of pictographs and stuff. It makes it hard to argue because I believe in Creationism (not trying to through religion into the argument.) And I am trying to be as respectable to evolutionists and am eagerly awaiting opinions.	FAVOR
4500	creation	"==TJ10==The Dover verdict was a farce. ==Of course, ID lost because of a lack of evidence that ID had scientific content.==TJ10==The Judge simply copied large amounts of material word for word from the material he received from the ACLU. This was a shameful low blow? Why - if it is true?!!! His mind was made up before he even heard the case. ==Nope, the ACLU submitted the findings after the trial. Sorry but your ignorance of legal procedures has caused you to make foolish arguments.==TJ10==Even the Discovery Institute was against what they were trying to do. Granted, the Dover school board had religious people on it, but that doesn't mean that their religious views mean that we can dismiss the scientific arguments that may lend support to those views. ===Hence the important findings that there were no scientific arguments==TJ10If so, let's dismiss all the evidence that lends support to the religious views of the Darwinists as well.==Sure, let's reject God. After all many a Christian has no problem accepting the science we have come to know as evolutionary theory with a foundation laid by Charles Darwin.So TJ10, you seem to have made quite a few 'foolish arguments', how familiar are you with Augustine?--Augustine==Usually, even a non-Christian knows something about the earth, the heavens, and the other elements of this world, about the motion and orbit of the stars and even their size and relative positions, about the predictable eclipses of the sun and moon, the cycles of the years and the seasons, about the kinds of animals, shrubs, stones, and so forth, and this knowledge he hold to as being certain from reason and experience. Now, it is a disgraceful and dangerous thing for an infidel to hear a Christian, presumably giving the meaning of Holy Scripture, talking nonsense on these topics; and we should take all means to prevent such an embarrassing situation, in which people show up vast ignorance in a Christian and laugh it to scorn. The shame is not so much that an ignorant individual is derided, but that people outside the household of faith think our sacred writers held such opinions, and, to the great loss of those for whose salvation we toil, the writers of our Scripture are criticized and rejected as unlearned men. If they find a Christian mistaken in a field which they themselves know well and hear him maintaining his foolish opinions about our books, how are they going to believe those books in matters concerning the resurrection of the dead, the hope of eternal life, and the kingdom of heaven, when they think their pages are full of falsehoods and on facts which they themselves have learnt from experience and the light of reason? Reckless and incompetent expounders of Holy Scripture bring untold trouble and sorrow on their wiser brethren when they are caught in one of their mischievous false opinions and are taken to task by those who are not bound by the authority of our sacred books. For then, to defend their utterly foolish and obviously untrue statements, they will try to call upon Holy Scripture for proof and even recite from memory many passages which they think support their position, although they understand neither what they say nor the things about which they make assertion.==Augustine (A.D. 354-430) ""The Literal Meaning of Genesis (De Genesi ad litteram libri duodecim)""  translated  by J. H. Taylor in Ancient Christian Writers, Newman Press, 1982, volume 41. Wise words, we Christian should remember."	AGAINST
4501	creation	"Michael Behe may be best known for his book ""Darwin's Black Box"" and to a lesser extent its sequel ""The Edge of evolution"". Both books attempt to show that there limits (edges) to evolutionary theory which cannot be crossed.Let's first point out that much of Behe's argument is not with evolutionary theory itself but a component of said theory, namely natural selection. For instance, his Irreducible Complexity argument relies on the (erroneous) claim that processes of variation and selection (aka Darwinian processes) are unable to explain systems which are 'irreducibly complex (IC)"". In order to understand why Behe is wrong, one need not look further than         First of all the problem of IC systems and its solution was pointed out by a Nobel Prize winner and evolutionary scientist almost a century ago (        )Muller, H. J. (1918) ""Genetic variability, twin hybrids and constant hybrids, in a case of balanced lethal factors."" Genetics 3:422-499. Muller, H. J. (1939) ""Reversibility in evolution considered from the standpoint of genetics."" Biological Reviews of the Cambridge Philosophical Society 14:261-280. ---    ""... thus a complicated machine was gradually built up whose effective working was dependent upon the interlocking action of very numerous different elementary parts or factors, and many of the characters and factors which, when new, were originally merely an asset finally became necessary because other necessary characters and factors had subsequently become changed so as to be dependent on the former. It must result, in consequence, that a dropping out of, or even a slight change in any one of these parts is very likely to disturb fatally the whole machinery; for this reason we should expect very many, if not most, mutations to result in lethal factors ...""    Muller 1918 pp. 463-464. (emphasis in the original)        ""... an embryological or physiological process or structure newly arisen by gene mutation, after becoming once established (with or without the aid of selection), later takes more and more part in the whole complex interplay of vital processes. For still further mutations that arise are now allowed to stay if only they work in harmony with all genes that are already present, and, of these further mutations, some will naturally depend, for their proper working, on the new process or structure under consideration. Being thus finally woven, as it were, into the most intimate fabric of the organism, the once novel character can no longer be withdrawn with impunity, and may have become vitally necessary.""    Muller 1939 pp. 271-272.---However, Keith Robison described a very similar example where simple evolutionary processes lead to a system which is IC  (        )--So, duplication plus a loss of function, plus one of two different loss-of-function mutations can convert a single step pathway into a two step cascade. The initial  steps are neutral, neither advantageous nor disadvantageous. Such neutral mutations occur regularly. The final step locks in the cascade.--ID's objections to the above scenario are that it involves neutral steps and are thus not 'Darwinian' in nature, but like Darwin, evolutionary science accepts that selection is but one of various processes and the importance of neutrality on evolution has been historically underestimated.Dembski, understanding one of Behe's flaws redefined IC to read--    A system performing a given basic function is irreducibly complex if it includes a set of well-matched, mutually interacting, nonarbitrarily individuated parts such that each part in the set is indispensable to maintaining the system's basic, and therefore original, function. The set of these indispensable parts is known as the irreducible core of the system. (No Free Lunch, 285)--Note the addition of 'original function', this prevents the most common pathways in evolution to be irrelevant to explaining IC systems, but now Dembski has to show that indeed, original function was maintained in any particular system. While this may have temporarily saved Behe's original fomulation, it has merely defined IC systems to be something which is much harder to establish as it involves a historical component of 'original function'."	AGAINST
4502	creation	"If we are descended from animals then the unique relationship between man and god is undermined. There is nothing to separate us from the beasts, and no moral basis for feeling Ã”specialÃ• and acting differently from them."	FAVOR
4503	creation	Please take no offence to my response. I refute arguments not people.I do not believe, as implicated in your rhetorical question, that evolution is the consequence of a controlled experiment. For your rhetorical question expresses that the evolutionary natural process is a consequence of a controlled experiment. A controlled experiment evidences only a consequence of a controlled experiment. In a laboratory we can conclude as a consequence of an experiment that plastic is derived from petroleum. We can not say that petroleum will become plastic one day. We must always be vigilantly mindful of that which we think evidences one thing when we are controlling only some of the variables in any given experiment.	FAVOR
4504	creation	If it is, then only a malicious God would tell it out of order, use terms we cannot understand, or have other 'traps' while holding us to its words. I believe the term many use is 'inerrant'. They believe every word was overseen by God. That view is inconsistent with two accounts where clearly things are happening in a different order. 'Inspired by God' is a good phrasing. Clearly much of both stories was 'borrowed' from earlier creation myths. The question is not whether it is literally true, but what did those early Jews change that enabled them to find a faith that has lasted 1,000s of years? Two things seem to stand out - God as outside nature, and man as His highest creation.If you can get past the historical accuracy problem, you find the stories both telling the same tale. God is separate - inhabiting a another sphere. And that God created man, has cared for him, and has given him a special place in His order. 	AGAINST
4505	creation	"""One thing for sure, time was and continues to be passing differently in different parts of the universe. From whose perspective is the universe 14.2 billion years?""Time does pass at different rates at different locations, but that variance follows very specific mathematical equations. The Lorentz transformation converts between two reference frames traveling at a constant relative velocity. Similar transformations exist for gravitational time dilation. (See the Schwarzschild metric.) My point being: You cannot manipulate time as you please to suit your interpretation of the Bible. Unless you wish to confine god the observer to the center of a black hole, the observable universe is approximately 13.7 billion years old as measured from most frames of reference therein.""Please clarify how this negates relativity.""It doesn't negate relativity; my example was derived from it. But first I must apologize, as I had my examples reversed. In an attempt to explain distant starlight on a young earth, creationists sometimes argue that the earth must be at the center of a massive gravitational field. This light would be blue shifted. The reverse is true in your case: We would expect dramatic redshift from any location in the universe where god supposedly made his observations of a 144-hour creation."	AGAINST
4506	creation	Science is about how things work. The stories, myths and legends of our origins aren't about explaining how creation was accomplished. They are about explaining basic human needs and emotions - and about how man fits with both nature and himself. Like much great art, they can tell a truth without representing fact. People taking them literally miss the authors' intent. 	AGAINST
4507	creation	By supporting the idea that the Bible stands or falls on a 6 day creation you have proven Dr. Hurd's point. I would be worried about any idea where atheists are in agreement with young-earth creationist.	AGAINST
4508	creation	Abraham, Isaac and Jacob belonged to different tribes and were not related, but the stories grew together into a collection and the persons were tied together as members of the same family. Isaac became son of Abraham, with Esau and Jacob becoming IsaacÃ•s sons.  And Jacob became equipped with twelve sons, so the twelve tribes should be equal.Into this storytelling old adventure stories also were incorporated, and they were told as being as credible as the heroic epics. The motif in the story about Joseph and the wife of Potiphar for instance is copied from the Egyptian fairytale Ã’The two BrothersÃ“.  Of old an enmity existed between the semi-nomadic sheepherders and the Bedouins. In the production of myths, the sheepherders therefore made a story about how the Bedouins were descendants of a farmer that had fled because of murdering his brother. We recognize the story about Cain and Abel. They then equipped Adam and Eve with a third son, Set, who was made god-fearing and straight enough to be the one they themselves descended from.In Canaan, drought was the enemy; high summer was the death of nature. But with autumn the rains came, and nature awakened to life again.  The creation myth of the Canaanites therefore speaks of the dry, arid land that their God bless with rain and wells breaking forth. Thus life was created on Earth. Contrary to that, in Babylon floods were the dangerous problem.Their creation myth, that also became known by the Israelites and incorporated into their folklore, therefore tells that it began with waters all over, then with land rising out of the water. The two creation myths are placed side by side in the bible and they are both equally true and believable.Most likely, people in those times believed those stories as more than just stories. For them, it was real history that earth and heavens, man and animals suddenly were created. They were aware of the existence of other peoples with other gods, but they were not part of their own history and how they might have been created was of no concern to them. So therefore, there was no problem for Cain to find a wife. Most of the myths in Genesis are older than the immigration of the Israelites. They had been part of the tribal traditions for a long time. Their concept of God also was quite different. The patriarchs knew gods like El-sjaddai and Elohim, and neither Abram, Isaac or Jacob knew anything about MosesÃ• new creation, Yahweh. According to 2. Mos. 3, Moses asked the new god what he should be called, and the god replied: Ã’I am who I am.Ã“ The story leaves no doubt that it is a new, hitherto unknown god that is being introduced, but history has made him identical with the god of the patriarchÃ•s. While they had been more like family- or tribal gods, this new god was made the god of the Israeli nation, and theirs only. And in later history telling he became the god of the ancient myths and fairytales.	AGAINST
4509	creation	" Anyone who thinks there is no evidence for evolution is either blind, stupid, or both.  As Theodosius Dobzhansky said, ""Nothing in biology makes sense except in light of evolution."""	AGAINST
4510	creation	I understand the ad hominem approach chosen by Joe, after all, what is the alternative? Showing that ID really lives up to what Joe claims it is?--Joe GAnd again the design inference relies on observations, data, and experience. And as with all scientific inferences future research can either confirm or refute that inference.That is how science operates.---Actually the design inference relies on the absence of these to infer something they call 'design' based not upon a positive hypothesis, but rather based on an eliminative approach called the 'explanatory filter' which concludes that lacking a scientific explanation we should infer 'design' even though design cannot compete with our ignorance, and even though design still may include a natural designer such as variation and selection. In other words, ID is a placeholder where, lacking sufficient explanations, it argues, nay insists that we call it 'design' just because it looks designed. The overlap with Paley should be self evident but things get worse when ID proponents attempt to validate the approach by claiming that this is how science works.In fact, this is NOT how science works, as can be trivially shown by noticing that ID refuses to constrain its designer by such scientific approaches as used in criminology which include means, motives, opportunity, as well as eye witnesses, physical evidence and circumstantial evidences. No, ID cannot rely on such because, by relying on what science has come to identify as 'rarefied' design, it has effectively chosen an approach which cannot even compete with 'we don't know' as it provides no positive hypotheses.So let's expose the scientific vacuity of ID once again:How does ID explain the genetic code/bacterial flagella and how does its 'explanation' compares to how science explains these?The lack of explanations from ID, combined with its silly name calling, should be sufficient evidence of its scientific vacuity.	AGAINST
4511	creation	"""An underlying assumption of ID is that intelligence is a property which we can generally understand through our observations of intelligent agents in the natural world.""Ok.  And how many types of ""intelligent agents"" have you observed in this natural world?  I can think of one obvious type - humans.  Do you wish to specify other types of intelligent agents that you are observing?  Ants?  Chimpanzees?  Computers?  Hmm.  It seems that you would mainly observe us humans.So what makes you think that observing human intelligence means that ""intelligence is a property which we can generally understand""?  I think you are committing the fallacy of trying to appeal to ""common sense"" in a very inappropriate manner.Humans are intelligent.Humans design things.Living entities appear designed.Therefore there must be some natural or supernatural designer who designed those living things.But, of course, this is a silly non sequitur.""An underlying assumption of ID is that intelligence is a property which we can generally understand through our observations of intelligent agents in the natural world.""I think your assumption is false as a generalization.  Perhaps we understand a lot of things about human intelligence.  But generalizing to ANY intelligence is silly.  I assume you don't have any good examples of alien intelligence.  And you don't want to admit that your designing intelligence has to be a supernatural intelligence.You want to have your cake and eat it too.  For you, obviously life is intelligently designed, but you refuse to get serious about who, how, why or when this intelligent agent actually did something in this natural world.Well, you can't have a ""theory"" of ""intelligent design"" without actually saying something about what actually happened so that your ""theory"" would actually mean something.""allowing us to detect design in biology""Nonsense.""I explained that the refusal of ID proponents to use ID to draw scientific conclusions about the nature or identity of the designer is principled rather than merely rhetorical.""Riiight.  And that's one very good reason why there is no such thing as a theory of intelligent design.""Thus for the scientific theory of ID to try to identify the designer would be to inappropriately conflate science with religion.""And to fail to even think about the attributes required for the designer means that there is no such thing as the ""theory of ID"".  You are making ""observations"" and jumping to your  conclusion and there's nothing in between that would generate a ""theory""."	AGAINST
4512	creation	--Jumpstart--The anti ID crowd will insist on a strict materialistic cause and effect definition of science. Falsely assuming creators or a Creator, can not be scientifically known. Meanwhile, hypocritically saying they can know the origins, without adhering to the scientific method.--I am glad to hear that Jumpstart admits that ID is all about the supernatural. But he is wrong that scientists falsely claims that science cannot detect creators. That's a red herring which I have already shown to be false. However, ID proponents fail to recognize what kind of designers science has historically been able to reliably detect and which ones remain more elusive.In fact, Jumpstart should have known that ID itself appeals to historical sciences as evidence that a designer can be known, so the accusation is at best self defeating.Show me the ID science. Simple question, invariably answered by nothing butsilence	AGAINST
4513	creation	No, that's incorrect.We've proven that genetic mutations happen, it's logical that the species that are best suited to their environment will survive, ergo we can assume that Evolution through Natural Selection happens.Not only that, but we've witnessed species such as Mayflies undergo evolutionary changes (small changes, yes, but changes none the less)Saying that it can't be proven in such a small time period is like saying that we can't prove that Pluto will orbit the sun all the way. We haven't known about it long enough to watch it go all the way around, but we can assume that it will simply because we know the mechanics behind it, just like we know the mechanics behind evolution.	AGAINST
4514	creation	 Nope, not remotely.  In fact, evolution remains one of the single best supported theories in all of science and while recent discoveries may have altered our understanding of evolution somewhat, it hasn't demonstrated in any way, shape or form that evolution did not and does not occur.	AGAINST
4515	creation	"Intelligent Design is an idea, not a theory. The evidence given amounts to this: 1) Life is complex. 2) We don't have complete models of how nature could have done it.But here is where the error comes in. The ASSUMPTION that just because we don't know, something unnatural created us. You will hear people say 'there is evidence of design'. This is a very broad statement. Ask questions! What kind of evidence? Is this the conclusion of a scientific peer-reviewed study? Or is it something that ""seems"" right to the person making the statement? To make a judgement one way or the other, you must educate yourself on terms, and what people mean by certain words.Yet another contradiction is this: If nature could not have created us, and some intelligence did, what created that intelligence? Some other intelligence? What created that? Unnatural, natural, hmmm. The whole thing starts to smell real funny when you look at it from the side.I understand that ID claims to not focus on the designer. Rather the evidence for design. The nature of the design is inextricably related to the nature of the designer however. But as related to being taught in schools, what is there to teach? Besides a sentence saying ""evolution currently is not fully understood"", I can't think of anything relevant that ID could provide.It is an interesting talking point, in looking at what evolution can not currently explain. But don't make the mistake that science will continue to be ignorant of such phenomena. Despite what many think, science is just a passive tool used for understanding the world around us. The word comes from the latin word for knowledge, after all.Just remember: We Don't Know. Yet."	AGAINST
4516	creation	"Teaching darwinism is comparable to teaching flying spaghetti monsterism.We've observed the ability of rapidly moving water to carve out canyons resembling the grand canyon (see: little grand canyon, mt st helens);  we haven't observed gradualistic processes accomplish the same feat.  Intelligent scientists have manipulated genetic information to create novel new functions (see: glow-in-the-dark pigs, cats); we haven't observed the ability of nature to generate the same sort of novelty via the natural selection of random mutations, the alleged engine of evolution."	FAVOR
4517	creation	So ID is about complexity and function but that merely describes what I outlined already. Something has function and science does not understand how said function arose so we call it 'design'. Still an argument that adds nothing to 'we don't know' and in fact, as formulated is inherently unreliable.--JoeOW it is very funny what PvM offers up as science and out of the other side of his mouth rejects ID without consideration.--It's not only funny but contradicted by what I have said on this forum. And note that I am not addressing the claim of it being science, after all that would allow the ID proponent to sidetrack the discussion by pointing out the 'demarcation problem'. What I am arguing is far harder for ID to respond to namely the fact that it is scientifically speaking without content.What to see an example? How does ID explain the bacterial flagella? How does it compare to scientific hypotheses?Good luck	AGAINST
4518	creation	"""THIS is MY proof that HE exists""Well, your ""proof"" is a terrible waste of valuable electrons (and also ridiculous nonsense)."	AGAINST
4519	creation	6K 	FAVOR
4520	creation	"""The ""informational signatures?""Only conscious beings produce signatures. And saying that a consciousness exists necessarily presupposes that existence exists. You can't have consciousness without first having existence.""So what? If consciousness and existence are the same thing what difference does it make?""Discovery's objection here reveals that he's claiming the primacy of consciousness over existence - a contradiction.""Could've sworn that ""existence"" as used by the DI refers to everything (Life, Physics, Universe itself, etc) except the intellect behind them, nothing contradictory there. ""Paraphrasing Ayn Rand's statement on the primacy of existence: existence exists, and consciousness is the faculty of perceiving (not creating) existence.""If all this is just wordplay on the criteria for ""existence"" then I'm afraid I've missed your point. Are you trying to argue over which came first, existence or consciousness? ""To look for signatures is to look for a consciousness that came before/was apart from/was outside of/etc. -- existence.""OR came at the same time as existence, which would be perfectly consistent with the search for signatures. ""Jargon like ""informational signatures"" does not a valid concept make.""Wordplay on consciousness vs. existence does not a valid argument make.  "	FAVOR
4521	creation	"Well, isn't that what the whole debate here is about.  There are a growing number of scientists who do not believe that methodological naturalism can answer or solve all the difficult problems of the origin of life and evolution.  Methodological naturalism works well in the here and now, but when we go back to origins, the past, when we cannot see what actually happened, a lot of interpretation is necessary.  It cannot be repeated so is in some senses, not true science.  Your opinion is that it works so well.  Fine.  A growing number of scientists are standing up and saying ""Hey, wait a minute, when it comes to origins, methodological materialism is lacking.""  ID is about showing evidence to support this idea.Again, you may have faith that methodological materialism will solve all of these problems in the distant future.  Great.  That is your belief.  However, it is nothing more than that - a belief, a stand of faith.  There is no guarantee.ID scientists are saying ""I don't think that will happen and here is why."" Why can't we give them a voice since no one really knows?tj"	FAVOR
4522	creation	While I have my own reasons for believing he did that, my personal opinions regarding   religion   are a bit outside of the mainstream, so I'm not going to discuss them.  The Bible says that the Jews are his chosen people.  Why he chose them, Christians don't know.  Like I said, I have my own theories, but they're hardly relevant.  Of course, this doesn't change the fact that the evidence shows this primitive culture's creation myth had some pretty remarkable insights, even if they were conveyed in a rather primitive fashion.  PS, You're quote from the theorhetical Bible was hilarious.	AGAINST
4523	creation	"Casey Luskin knows how to use impressive multi-syllabic words to suggest that he's intelligent. By gosh, he almost sounds like a scientist when he says that ""The form of information which reliably indicates design is generally called 'specified complexity' or 'complex and specified information,' "" whatever the hell that means. Apparently, all it means is that if a process with many components (therefore ""complex"") behaves so as to head coherently in a single direction (therefore ""specified""), then it must be the result of   intelligent design  . OK, then try this one.Get a hundred people to each throw a handfull of sand, perhaps a thousand grains per handfull (that's ""complex""), at a wall. Watch to see what happens. If all of the 100,000 grains reverse direction when they hit the wall and then curve downward and end up on the floor (that's ""specified""), with absolutely no communication among them, then surely they must have been guided by an intelligent designer.Ah, but Mr. Luskin would object that the analogy is irrelevant, because while there was some random component to the movement of the various grains of sand, in the final analysis they were all subject to the overriding influence of gravity, and that's why they moved in a similar way and ended up on the floor. That's true. And in the same way, the various organisms and their various organs have shown significant randomness throughout their evolution, but in the final analysis, they were all subject to the overriding influence of natural selection and the survival of the fittest. The least fit died; the most fit survived and contributed their genes to the next generation. The grains of sand all ended up on the floor without any conscious intention of going there, just because they were all influenced by gravity. In the same way, all those organisms kept on improving their fitness without any intention on anyone's part, just because those who were most fit survived and reproduced while the least fit died, as any reasonable person would expect. What's so mysterious about that? Would you expect anything different? Do you need to hypothesize a grandfatherly old codger in the sky who manipulated every gene in every organism? Get real."	AGAINST
4524	creation	 Yes, if what you are saying is true, then I'm for it.   / But evolution has been a bag-full of lies from the beginning anyways.	FAVOR
4525	creation	"--Highlander--""I am sure that Highlander is familiar with the  foundational works of Behe and Dembski,both rely on the absence of science being  able to explain a particular feature to infer 'design'.""Would that a citation exist to back this one up! --Sure, always ready to please the audience.William Demsbki. ""The Design Inference: Eliminating Chance through Small Probabilities"", Cambridge Studies in Probability, Induction and Decision Theory, 1998William Dembski, 'No Free Lunch: Why Specified Complexity Cannot Be Purchased without Intelligence "", Rowman & Littlefield Publishers, Inc.,  2001Irreducible Complexity is an example of Behe's formulation of 'ignorance should be called design'. In case of Behe, his biggest mistake is that he limits himself to only Darwinian processes and the concept of original function.So let me explain what the design inference is all about:The Explanatory FilterA good overview of the filter and its shortcomings can be found in Wilkins, John S, and Wesley R Elsberry. 2001. The advantages of theft over toil: the design inference and arguing from ignorance. Biology and Philosophy 16 (November):711-724.        Basically the steps involve1. High probability then it was caused by a regularity2. Intermediate probability then it was caused by chance3. Small probability: either chance or design depending on the existence of a ""specification""Specification is a somewhat tricky concept but according to Dembski, function in biology would be a sufficient specification. Ironically, function is also the outcome of the process of natural selection and thus whether the low probability score was caused by our ignorance or because of design is why the design inference remains without content, in case of rarefied design.Rarefied design: Rarefied design inferences tell us nothing that can be inductively generalized.The authors observe ""There is an in-principle difference between rarefied and ordinary design inferences, based on the background knowledge available about ordinary, but not rarefied, design agencies.""This is an important observation because it helps us understand why historical sciences can accurately apply 'design inferences' while ID remains scientifically without content. "	AGAINST
4526	creation	"Luskin quotes:""May not the principle of uniformity then be used in a broader frame of consideration to suggest that DNA had an intelligent cause at the beginning?""This would seem to be the usual trick of ""origins science"" - an attempt to claim that abiogenesis is impossible.But another opinion is:""The book argues that the origin of new organisms is ""in an immaterial cause: in a blueprint, a plan, a pattern, devised by an intelligent agent.""""This refers to ""new organisms"" - that would mean new species, not abiogenesis.And:""creation means that various forms of life began abruptly""This is definitely anti-evolution creationism without specifying a creator explicitly.Then:In a new draft of Pandas, approximately 150 uses of the root word ""creation"", such as ""creationism"" and ""creationist"", were systematically changed to refer to intelligent design.  The definition remained essentially the same, with ""intelligent design"" substituted for ""creation"", and ""intelligent creator"" changed to ""intelligent agency"".So, the definition remained the same, only the nouns were changed.  I wonder why the judge ruled that this really was the same old creation story?""the basic arguments for design pre-date Christianity""Fine.  The philosophers didn't have a clue about evolution back then and you still don't have a clue today."	AGAINST
4527	creation	"Schools should teach competing theories The idea that creationists reject mutation or natural selection is ridiculous. These are observable facts. What creationists defend is the idea that these changes cannot create new species, and as a result, a design, a designer, and a creator is necessary. Furthermore, if schools do not teach competing theories, it is comparable to teaching there is no alien life. This cannot be proven or demonstrated, however, it would seem that if that fit in with their theory for the rest of biology, the evolutionists would teach it without question. "	FAVOR
4528	creation	"I have no patience for people like you. I use to spend days arguing with know-nothings about the evidence for evolution, when I was studying biology. And that was when I cared. We'll start with evidence for design. And we'll start step by step.If it is so obvious, define ""information"" and pinpoint where it is located in a genome, in the chemicals: adenine, guanine, cytosine and thymine (that make up DNA) or any combination of those chemicals, or in proteins or amino-acid chains (whichever you choose is fine). Explain how this ""information"" is transferred and adapted between living organisms and provide examples. How is the information stored?"	AGAINST
4529	creation	 If your with GOD then there is no debate.	FAVOR
4530	creation	"In the past, the flagellum was supposedly an example of an ""irreducibly complex"" biological structure that could not evolve.  Now Luskin is reduced to ""may"":""may indicate that the flagellum arose by intelligent design""May?  ""Intelligent design"" MAY have some evidence?  Or maybe not.  Such nonsense.Luskin says of Dembski:""This provides him with an ideal background provide giving a rigorous mathematical methodology for detecting design""Riiight.  Too bad he has utterly failed at any attempt to give ""a rigorous mathematical methodology for detecting design"" in the last decade or two.Luskin opines:""But federal judges can get things wrong all the time.""Riiiight.  This federal judge held a trial for six weeks and ruled against ""intelligent design creationism"" in every single respect.  So I guess it's time to have a ""debate"" in the court of ""public opinion"" in order to try to get the verdict overturned?  The judge ruled ""It's not science"" and nothing that any of the ID ""scientists"" have ever done would lead to the conclusion that there was any possibility of actual science being involved with ""intelligent design"".Luskin quotes an attempt to avoid the supernatural:""Explanations that call on intelligent causes require no miracles but cannot be reduced to materialistic explanations.""This seems to me to be an obvious contradiction - ""cannot be reduced to materialistic explanations"" means ""no natural explanation"" and that means a ""supernatural explanation"".  Who are they trying to fool?  They didn't fool a federal judge!Finally we get to the fundamental question:""ID makes reliable inferences.""Well maybe Luskin wishes to assert that, but scientists say ""nonsense"".  How can ID convince scientists that the requirement of an ""intelligent cause"" is a ""reliable inference""?  They have tried and failed for more than 10 years.  Their attempt is:""Our experience-based knowledge of information-flow confirms that systems with large amounts of specified complexity (especially codes and languages) invariably originate from an intelligent source from a mind or personal agent.""Fundamentally, this is an appeal to our knowledge of human agency.  Humans are ""intelligent"".  Humans create ""complex information systems"".  Therefore life forms were created in some unspecified way by some unspecified entity at some unspecified time in the past by an ""intelligent designer"".  Well, evolution is a perfectly good explanation and the ""reliable inference"" of ""intelligent design"" is nonsense.Luskin attempts (for the 100th time) so convince skeptics that ID really really is scientific:""Scientists then perform experimental tests upon natural objects to determine if they contain complex and specified information.(24)""But skeptics reject this assertion for the 100th time by pointing out that ""complex and specified information"" is in the eye of the beholder and not properly defined so that it could be used by a scientist.  And ""irreducible complexity"" of a biological system is simply a false assertion.Luskin then provides one final false assertion:""ID has also provided new insights into biology""Well, 10000 scientists say that such ""insights"" were really ""distractions""."	AGAINST
4531	creation	"I agreed with you up until ""reasonable doubt."" The social sciences, which incorporate the confounding input of statistical variability, have something called Statistical Significance. This means when something acts in a predicted way a certain percentage of times, given the sample is large enough, it can be considered reliable enough to base other research on. In other words, when something is accepted by the scientific community at large (which evolution IS, don't let the media deceive you), there is no reasonable doubt about it.Speaking of science reliable enough to base work on, consider the company Monsanto, and others like it. They specialize in breeding (EVOLVING) plants and patenting their genotypes. Pure fucking evil, but obviously based on sound science. Major international corporations base their entire business model on evolution. They have no reason to do this if they are not completely convinced of the reliability of that basis."	AGAINST
4532	creation	I apologize for using misleading wording. You are right in that the majority of mutation appear to have little or no effect on survival in most organisms. My point was simply that any mutation which does produce a notable prototypic effect (which is simply any mensurable change for any non-biologist out there), can be viewed as a negative change in some particular environment. For organisms with very simple and efficient genomes well adapted to a particular environment that change will likely be a negative one in their ancestral environment. Kudos on dragging out the statistical fallacies in Mr. Behe's most recent popular work. I find your reference to Simon work particularly fascinating. Whether serial duplication would be useful or not depends on whether there is any similarity between various good designs, which there empirically are for almost any designed object I can think of. In conclusion, scale free networks are cool.	AGAINST
4533	creation	"Science involves observations, theory, design, testing and predictable outcomes. How does one design test and observe evolution? If the latter is as ubiquitous as Darwin suggested, we should have many transitional species that can be observed in the immediate past not just ""long ago and far away"". Where for example, are the remains of ""mutated"" apes that have failed to propagate? All we have is some dubious fossils, the false claim about peppered moths and where bones found far apart, are assumed to be from the one individual (e.g pitdown man). For macro evolutionists there is only Ã”one game in townÃ• to explain the new information which their theory requiresÃ‘mutations. Even then we have two competing theories one of gradual changes over time and SJ Gould's punctuated equilibrium, the sudden appearance of unexplained species. These are accidental mistakes as the genetic (DNA) information (the coded set of instructions which is the Ã”recipeÃ• or Ã”blueprintÃ• specifying the construction and operation of any creature) is copied from one generation to the next. An analogy: new computer programs do not arise from old computer programs by copying errors. Instead, the resulting program usually jams. However, some evolutionists believe that occasionally, a Ã”goodÃ• mutation will occur which will be favoured by selection and will allow that creature to progress along its evolutionary pathway to something completely different.Evolution therefore is certainly not a given and certainly not ""childishly simple"" as Dawkins would have us believe."	FAVOR
4534	creation	And I guess those differences bring us right back to the atheist vs. agnostic thing. Oh well.Out of curiosity, what three philosophers are you referring to?	AGAINST
4535	creation	 If you wanted to start an actual debate you should have said there is no Ã¢Â€Â˜convincingÃ¢Â€Â™ evidence. Because the simple fact of the matter is that there is more evidence than you could examine in several lifetimes of study. The question is whether you agree in the interpretation of the evidence. It is your privilege if you wish to disagree with those that know and understand vast amounts more than you do on the subject.	AGAINST
4536	creation	"""Your ""intelligent cause"" is completely undefined.""There is a little difference between COMPLETELY undefined and those other theories you are trying to disparage.""We detect design by looking for the tell-tale signs that an intelligent agent acted.""Hilarious nonsense.  As usual - ""intelligent agent"" is a completely undefined term.  So ""tell-tale"" signs means ""I know it when I see it and I see it"" as usual.""Sure seems like the cell is designed to me....""Yes.  For you, ""I know it when I see it"" works fine because you are an idiot.""Those do play a role""No.  Such nonsense has been refuted.  Fail."	AGAINST
4537	creation	It has been translated for about six thousand years.  I do not know how their system worked but the dead sea scrolls were identical to the written word.I told you earlier that I did not always believe in God the way He wants us to believe in Him.  I believed there was a God, but that was the end of it.  What other records are there that are six thousand years old besides the Bible.  No one has ever been able to prove the Bible wrong.  Many have tried and many have found a relationship with God the Creator because of it.I don't know everything, but what I do know is by life experience,  Why would a God as great as he is take 4.5 billion years to create the earth when there is nothing to difficult for Him. Time means nothing to God.  Some things are a mystery for sure, but that is why it takes faith to please God.	FAVOR
4538	creation	 Wrong - evolution is probably the most supported theory in biology - it's withstood considerable scrutiny for the past 150 years and is as strong as ever.  />   /> Anyone who doesn't agree is one of two things - a liar or plain ignorant (willfully or otherwise). The evidence is readily available to all but the problem is that people will only read stuff that backs up their pre-concieved beliefs, which only reinforces their ignorant beliefs.   />   /> It's incredible how many people will use arguments against evolution that have been thoroughly refuted over, and over again.	AGAINST
4539	creation	"Ok, so, you're saying, since you've never ""seen"" an ape (which is the wrong animal, again) evolve into a human, and never seen God create a human, God wins this debate? So, just because we haven't proven we're from chimpanzees, gives grounds to say God made us? There's a huger spectrum out there. And again, I'll say, the theory of evolution isn't that humans are from chimpanzees; it's just an idea because our DNA's are closely related. Because, you're right, there is no proof of THAT. But there's proof of evolution itself. And it has nothing to do with creationism. This is the ignorance in today's society and it is merely all about ""science vs. religion"" which is again, two totally different things that shouldn't be combined as much as they have been."	AGAINST
4540	creation	1.    / Just for your information this is the same   college   that attacked me, another Christian, so very many years ago, for speaking out against   homosexuality  . Thank you ADF! God bless you, Doziers victory is mine too    /article/10166.html2.    3.     Quote:The Update article goes on to say that as the discussion continued about the biology books, Ã’it became evident that they were rejected because they appeared to state the perspective that the Bible is revelation and along with faith is more authoritative than the observations of   science  , especially if there were a conflict over a Ã”factual scientific issue.Ã•Ã“As reported by the Inside Higher Ed, the science courses that have been rejected teach not only   creationism   or   intelligent design  , but also teach the Ã’standard content of evolution,Ã“ even if the teachers do not believe the content.end quote4.    /5.    .view&pageId=945376.    7.     This is a repeat its just too awful to let it go. There are way too many stories out there to provide on this one site all I can say is the wont destroy Christianity because they hurt Christians, it only makes them look bad and galvonizes the resolve of people of faith to continue to hold out their testimonies in a world of true hate and darkness.	FAVOR
4541	creation	"after the entire cain and able thing, the brother left to another group of people to find a wife....but a litteral reading of the bible does not allow there to be other people.  this is because in my opinion every religion's creation story is the creation story of THEIR people.  If a people live on an island with a volcano you can be certain fire and lava will be given as evidence of their God's expression.  If their cculture tells it's own story from an austere desert, you may be certain that it's laws from God will reflect the severity of the conditions around them.  The Egyptian's Gods demonstrated cyclicalness in every aspect of their human discription as the Nile's cyclical swelling was THE essence of their survival.In the same manner, religions can become mutated by it's authors.  God takes on the behavior of a Ceasar once Ceasar co-opted the bible.  Popes read into the Bible and extend the reality of the narrative's interpretation in ways that resemble exactly how history sees them.  If a pope was self agrandizing and greedy for power, God become increasingly so.Read a little anthropology and one quickly realises that the devil as described by each in the Bible reflects EXACTLY the specific negatives being experienced by those who are believed to have actually penned each of the gospels at the time such things, by all evidence available, were first commited to paper.  If the evil the group faced was a persecutorial leader....then the qualities of the devil described by them resemble the cruelty of the leader.  if the advesary was a cultural bias against the gospel sources group, the details of evil resemble this.On several side notes; If Jesus agreed with all of God's laws then he HAD to kill the adultress rather than get away with the ""let he who is without sin"" thing.  If this were an example to follow, we should enact NO judgement on anyone.  except the Bible does not allow us to ignore it's laws, so we MUST stone people as prescribed....right?If God told Adam and Eve not to eat of the apple, he would have had to have imparted to them the seriousness of doing so and the concequences.  but they did not know of right and wrong yet.  how could they have known that eating the apple was wrong?  A threat of pain?  pain was something they never knew.we have free will right?  it is not free will if we are threatened with damnation.  that is extortion.The story of creation, man inparticular is best read as insight the authors found, divine or not.  what we do know from personal experience is that Man at some point in our   evolution  , divinely guided or not, is most different from the animals because we ARE capable of harming needlessly, doing things which are short sighted, eating crud, making and then inhaling smog....we are no longer biological robots, mating when spring arrives, migrating when the sun gets lower and lower in the sky. If god is perfect then why did he let the devil loose on man?  If God has a plan and knows evrything why do so many people feel they have the right to doubt Gods plan by asking for things?  Anything!  This description of God is either one of a selfish Ceasar like God where we should beg and plead but he will doe as he wishes anyway and we should be thankful no matter the turn of events or people are wrong in their actions and prayer should be for thanks and appology only. God is more than humans can comprehend.  No two persons experience the divine the same even if they are of the same faith and subsect of that faith.  All that we can know about evil is that it is experienced by us as that which destroys Life.  Life as we know it is not simply whether something is breathing, it is the ability to unfold, continue to express.  Be it a spieces becoming another over time or a person being allowed to find his or her self....to have options in this existance open.  Suppression of Life are seen in poverty, shame created by a selfish culture, war, greed, violence  All anyone can say for certain if they believe in God is that God creates.  That is all we can see for certain from this side of the screen.  "	AGAINST
4542	creation	"""In other words, the terms as defined clearly mirrored what we know as 'creationism' and that it was an inherently religious concept.""See the above points, the terms prove no such thing.""Even the expert witnesses for the defense, Minnich and Fuller had to admit this. Behe attempted to 'explain' away the evidence but was ruled to be illogical and the weight of the evidence presented.""What ""evidence?"" You have yet to provide anything that says god or the supernatural is directly implicated.""The weight of the evidence clearly demonstrates, as noted, that the systemic change from ""creation"" to ""intelligent design"" occurred sometime in 1987, after the Supreme Court's important Edwards decision.""Which does nothing but show they wanted people to be aware that they were pursuing a different set of ideas then that of the creationists of the late 80's.""This compelling evidence strongly supports Plaintiffs' assertion that ID is creationism re-labeled.""By itself, no. You would have to find specific passages that state that ID requires God or the Supernatural.""Importantly, the objective observer, whether adult or child, would conclude from the fact that Pandas posits a master intellect that the intelligent designer is God.""This passage suggests otherwise, it states that, ""Some master intellect is the creator of life. But such observable instances of information cannot tell us if the intellect behind them is natural or supernatural."":      I would be naive to ignore that passage, it clearly states the opposite of what Judge Jones and the ACLU asserted. ""Such is the danger of relying on a biased set of documents from the publishers of Pandas and the Discovery Institute.""Such is the dangers of assuming from the start that what Jones (I should just say ACLU) states is true without actually reading the drafts for yourself. ""The book argues that the origin of new organisms is ""in an immaterial cause: in a blueprint, a plan, a pattern, devised by an intelligent agent.""""Which means nothing more then the fact that the origin of new life forms is not reducible to matter and energy.""Clearly supernatural since common intelligent designers do not require immaterial causes.""Common designers use more then just ink and paper when planning something, they use information which is in itself, an immaterial cause (not reducible to JUST matter and energy).""In addition, the objections to evolutionary theory mirror the same flawed criticisms of earlier religious opposition.""Fallacy of composition. What's true of the parts is not automatically true of the whole. Can you describe some of these criticisms for me?""So no wonder that reviewers such as Kevin Padian, a biologist at University of California Berkeley .. called it ""a wholesale distortion of modern biology.""Seems like everyone has different reasons for critiquing ID, most that I see attack it's credibility as science without really addressing the arguments themselves, but that would be part of a totally different discussion altogether. ""Creation means that the various forms of life began abruptly through the agency of an intelligent creator with their distinctive features already intact. Fish with fins and scales, birds with feathers, beaks, and wings, etc""Hold on.......""Exactly mirroring Christian apologetics...""......except there is no mention of the special creation taking place in a day (or less then a week), nothing that states the earth is 10,000 years old, nothing which explains the geography of the earth by means of a global catastrophic flood (nothing mentioning flood geology either), nothing that says that there is a separate ancestry for humans and apes, or that the universe had a sudden creation out of nothing by either god or a supernatural being of any kind"	FAVOR
4543	creation	as much as Behe's somewhat misleading--Yet, when Lenski tracked down the mutations, they tended to be degradative changes, ones which destroyed genes or made them less efficient. That is not the sort of process one needs to build complex molecular systems.--Your comments showed that you also understand that fitness is not determined by a single cause/effect. For instance, while some mutations may cause a fitness decrease in one aspect of the organism and an increase in another, the overall effect may thus be very well positive. To call the change degenerative misses the point.I hope to report more on Hubert Simon's work, quite interesting.	AGAINST
4544	creation	I have not seen any animal turning into another recently to be honest...And I'd rather prefer not to think of myself as coming from an ape. Not too regal you see.	FAVOR
4545	creation	"""The random comes in when particles of RNA that came out of the primordial ooze aligned by chance in such a way to produce a single-celled organism.""By the nature of their physical makeup RNA will reproduce, given the right   chemicals   near by.Experiments indicate that there were several stages between the original replicator molecules and the first cell, proto-cellular life that was able to replicate.""The chances of that occuring randomly are absurdly small.""Yes, in a sense.  But just because the chance is very very small does not mean that it is impossible.  It only takes one replicator molecule to start the entire process, and given the number of molecules that would have been swirling around in the ancient earths oceans it is quite possible that somewhere a replicator will form... If I roll one dice the chance of a six coming up is 1 in 6... but if I roll a thousand dice the chance that at least one will be a six is rather good.""Atheists are no less violent than the religious.""True... but how does that old saying go... ""With or without it, you'd have good people doing good things and evil people doing bad things, but for good people to do bad things, it takes   religion  .""""The perception of knowledge is scary because it rules out new information. If you think or believe that something is true, you will be willing to   change   what you think/believe in light of new evidence. How can you change what you know?""That is why Science is so important.  We have to be able to test our ideas.""If we know the Earth is flat, how can it be round?""The question, Scientifically speaking, is how do we know that the Earth is flat?  What tests can you run to show that the earth is flat?""If we know there is no god, how can there be a designer?""As stated above... Scientifically speaking how can we show that there is a god?Your question also presumes that there is a designer... which has not been show in a Scientifically testable manner."	AGAINST
4546	creation	"Teaching the creationism-evolution controversy is important to student learning. - One of the greatest lessons that a school can teach its students is the ability to use their own logic and reasoning to develop an objective opinion of the world around them. By teaching creationism in the classroom, schools are broadening students' knowledge. It is possible to teach both creationism and evolution in the same school. The goal is to expose students to all widely held 'beliefs'. The path to understanding requires the teaching of both Creationism and Evolution. "	FAVOR
4547	creation	In pandas we read: --Creation means that the various forms of life began abruptly through the agency of an intelligent creator with their distinctive features already intact. Fish with fins and scales, birds with feathers, beaks, and wings, etc--The FTE and its defenders have attempted to explain this as a statement of fact, but this is a troubling explanation, defying logic and reason. Either creation is defined independently of the facts and then the data show support or we have a tautological statement. In fact, the statement above does not describe the facts and the denial of said facts, is a standard creationist position were 'God created according to kinds' and these 'kinds could not change'. Typical creationist ignorance portrayed as 'science'. No wonder, the abrupt appearance/creation is a standard religious explanation which ignores the facts of science. That thus creation became design shows that the concept of design is nothing more than a cover for creationism to hide under.The best some can do is to state that 'well, it does not mention God'... 	AGAINST
4548	creation	"At their very foundation theorems are based on a set of assumptions known as axioms.  These are then combined to create theorems (which can then be used to create more elaborate theorems).  There is nothing automatically true about the baseline axioms, just the assumption that ""if X, Y, and Z are true then A"""	AGAINST
4549	creation	 Nope, just the opposite.   /   /> I'll talk about both Quantum Physics and DNA research. Quantum physics is a complicated subject, I've studied it for years and still don't completely understand it. One thing I do know is that Quantum physics has absolutely nothing to do with Evolution, Evolution has to do with Biology. In physics, Quantum mechanics is a physical science dealing with the behavior of matter and energy on the scale of atoms and subatomic particles.   />   /> Everything that has been found in the fossil record and in DNA seems to confirm that evolution has happened in the past, it is happening now and will continue to happen in the future.	AGAINST
4550	creation	Look at it like this.... first off, words are metaphors - they are symbols of an object.. some more exact than others.  From this starting point we can see that language always only approximates an idea.. language is not math.From here we can see that the Bible already is going to not have any sort of 100% exact meaning.. because language itself is always open to interpretation.  Intent can NOT be 100% verified... it's simply not possible.  Any line I write is up to individual interpretation -- it's unavoidable.When the Bible says the inhabitants of the earth are to God like grasshoppers... well, that is a metaphor - and yes, the Bible is full of them.  Does that mean it isn't true? Not at all.. but the poetic nature of the statement is unavoidable.This problem of language, it's nature, is part of why we debate like this... It's semantics.. When I said a 'full understanding' of the Bible is necessary.... it suffers from the same problems any statement made in a verbal language does - it suffers from not being 'completely correct'.  You can't technically have a 'full understanding' of anything... No one has a full understanding of chemistry.. or even english.. or even gravity. - Your questioning of my phrase 'full understanding' gives a perfect example of the problems with interpreting the Bible or any book.   Language is faulty.. there is no 'true' definition for any word.... especially since it is only defined by other words - which in turn are defined by other words......Given this concept we can see that the meaning of anything isn't precise - and the Bible will always be the subject of interpretation.  Parables and the like can be considered literally 'true' but yet metaphors.  If I say that stars are like pin pricks in the curtain of night... the statement is true - but entirely metaphor... and given another viewpoint one could say false as well - -since one could argue they are nothing 'like' pin-pricks in a curtain.Do you see my point?  People can see the Bible as literally true - and still understand it is full of metaphors.  The question remains.. which are true metaphors.. and which are meant without poetics.By reading the Bible for understanding it helps you determine which parts are meant in a poetic sense and which is meant as metaphor.  Can anyone insist that they are correct in their interpretation? nope.  But with study.. people tend to have better understanding - that's all I mean.Can someone 'prove' the Bible means a literal 6 day creation.. nope.  like all of language.. it's up to opinion.  I stated my opinion.. that it appears a literal 6 days was the intent - I cited the repetitive use of the words 'evening and morning' as one reason for my opinion - but it's still opinion and cannot be 'proven'.And as far as your question about what merit the Bible has to non-Christians.... well obviously little - else they would be Christians =)	FAVOR
4551	creation	I agree totally with what you said Cerin...I, too, find it a bit amusing and tiresome.	FAVOR
4552	creation	--Jay--That means that anyone who dares speak of purpose or design within science or when discussing scientific evidence ceases to be a scientist.---And yet ID also claims that historical sciences deal succesfully in detecting design, so in fact purpose or design can, as ID argues, be established using methodological naturalism. So why is ID different? Because they want to replace or extend MN by something 'supernatural', however since the supernatural lacks as an explanation, they have to confuse the issue by making flawed claims about science rejecting design and purpose at all cost.Jay's argument fails even worse when discussing Newton or Keppler stating--Methodological naturalism, for instance, would exclude most of the founders of modern science, including Copernicus, Kepler, and Newton. That should strike you as fishy.--And yet, these people were following methodological naturalism, except in the case when Newton believed that his inability to understand the stability of orbits of planets was best explained by an Intelligent Designer interfering regularly to correct their orbits. It took half a decade or so for LaPlace to correct this flawed 'design inference'.Openmindedness does not mean that one should accept any argument that's more closer to a concept better know as gullibility. Is there evidence for ID in nature. Surely ID does not really tell, all they do is call our ignorance 'design' and then conflate the terminology with how people more commonly interpret this terminology. Bait and switch. Lacking any foundation that constrains their hypothesis, ID is doomed to scientific irrelevance, and anyone openminded would have to admit this. In fact, several ID proponents have admitted to the lack of a foundation for ID.So it is clear that Jay is wrong to argue that science rejects design a-priori, After all, the Discovery Institute argues that ID must be science because other sciences also infer design. So, for science to reject ID, it must be because it fails to contribute. Not because it is wrong, it is not even that, it's just vacuous.Is intelligent design science? Does it matter? ID lacks any non trivial scientific contribution, other than perhaps making the flawed claim that science and methodological naturalism somehow deny purpose and design or that MN would reject Newton and Keppler. Anyone familiar with these people would realize that they did not let their faith distort their science, although in the case of Newton he did show why a design inference based on ignorance is unreliable.We can only thank Newton for his contributions to science while also showing us why ID is doomed to remain scientifically vacuous.	AGAINST
4553	creation	"""Yes I'm fully aware what a Solar Eclipse is.. the point was that not only do they line up - the sun and moon fill each other precisely.""except during partial eclipses...""This would not happen by chance...""Why not?  Is it impossible or just extremely unlikely?"" for example if it were possible to stand on the surface of Jupiter I highly doubt that any 1 of it's 63 orbiting bodies would exhibit the same effect.""The moons of Jupiter are much further away, so they are would appear significantly smaller... but yes it would be possible...  if the moons cast a shadow on the Jupiter then beneath that shadow it would appear to be an eclipse (though it is important to note that the Sun is just an exceptionally bright star when seen from Jupiter).""The only planet where life exists is the only planet where this spectacle can be enjoyed....""That would be somewhat of a jerk move... putting the moon there knowing that people were going to freak out during eclipses and kill each other to drive away the 'monster' eating the sun?""And the moon is essential to life since it stabilizes our tilt on our axis.. without it the earth would wobble causing massive   climate change   . These things show design.. not accident - which is the point. I'm afraid you are completely missing that point though...""I'm afraid that more evidence is needed to show that the moon was placed there deliberately.  Yes it does balance out the earths climate... which makes our lives possible.  That does not mean that the moon was placed there to do so.  I could say that America was created by a supernatural power so that I would exist... because if American was not here then I never would have been born.The   conditions   on earth lead to our creation, but that does not imply that those conditions were set just so that we would evolve here.""Also, it's silly to assume our eyes would adapt to the pitch black of night if there was no moon... half the day we would still be in sunlight. Even nocturnal   animals   require light at night to see.. they just make better use of it by it reflecting off the back of the eye.""The moon was there before life evolved... way before there were nocturnal animals.  That is why they evolved into nocturnal animals.  If there was no moon, and life evolved then it would have adapted to the conditions found on earth.""Anyway.. the list of things in this world which reveal that they were designed for our habitation is as long as the list of things in this world.... if you can't 'see' that... I guess I can't change it.""You are looking from now backwards... with the knowledge of what is to come it is easy to think that what we have is inevitable.  That is rather illogical."	AGAINST
4554	creation	"-- It seems to me that Luskin is being ""more scientific"" in that he talks about a method for testing ID--That's ironic because Luskin presents no testable ID. Although I understand your confusion where ID claims that showing that a gap in our ignorance, which has been defined to be 'design', should count as a way to test 'ID'. But then ID is merely the negative argument that science cannot explain 'x' and has no relevance to what one commonly perceives ID to be, in other words, ID fails to place 'design' at risk.Perhaps you can tell me how you believe ID can be tested. Does this mean that since ID's flagellum has been shown to be plausibly evolved that somehow design and the designer have been falsified? Does the fact that regularity and chance processes, contrary to claims by ID proponents, can in fact increase information and complexity mean that ID has been falsified and that the 'designer is dead'? Of course not. At best it means that ID proponents were wrong in making their claims about science and since they never placed the concept of design at risk, ID remains scientifically without content.If you feel that I have missed other points worth addressing, please let me know. Realize that ID is very good at bait and switch, and that one need to carefully study its claims and arguments to be able to get to the core and come to realize that there is not much there.I am assuming you know how ID has defined the concepts of 'design' and 'information' and that they are at odds with how science typically defines such terms or how the layperson may interpret such terms?"	AGAINST
4555	creation	While it is true that   science   and   religion   have little to do with one another that has never stopped teachers from pointing out that science refutes religion. Once a teacher brings it up the subject of religion is fair game.	FAVOR
4556	creation	"""I am an experimental scientist. The notion of   intelligent design   directly impacts my areas of study."" Seriously? Details please. Besides....    /~mreed/warriorshtm/blowhard.htm""However, unlike scientific theories, ID does not make any predictions that I can attempt to test. There are no working hypotheses that might enrich my thinking on the subject. No specific information that can help me predict the interaction energies of the molecules I study. I can either believe it, or not - either way nothing much changes.""For a good example of the research and predictions made by ID, I suggest you visit this site...    /""Evolution raises questions and makes many predictions, some of them I can test and others are longer term, which I hope to see tested during my life. If ID offered me anything I could actually evaluate experimentally, just hinted at some new interesting avenue of research, I would be immediately interested.""Evolution affects your study of energies within molecules??? Love to hear how that methodology works.Speaking of research avenues and ID...        ""Scientists tend to pragmatic about big ideas - does it help me explore what I am most interested in? ID is useless to me as a scientist, so I don't bother with it in the lab.""That would pretty much apply to anything else outside of molecular physics. Including....""Cosmology isn't much help to me either, but I can see that they are clearly making hypotheses and working to disprove them. They might uncover something more that I can use - I am certainly grateful for quantum mechanics.""I guess ID fits just fine with cosmology in that case.     ""ID is an interesting subject for late-night discussions after a party - like philosophy, comparative religion, politics, and sports history.""So it can be a good discussion topic. At least we agree on something. ""All good stuff! Not science.""Well, you're half right. "	FAVOR
4557	creation	"I don't agree with the very first statement that ""ID limits its claims to what can be scientifically inferred from the empirical domain."" A force unaffected by time and physics that cannot be detected or measured and does not reliably or predictably act cannot be scientifically inferred. But, since ID supposes a supernatural source, isn't it obligated to investigate the supernatural and find said source? ID works from the presupposition that there is an intelligence out there that created our world and situation. So one would think it makes a big difference to humanity if Earth was formed from a goddess ripped apart by a pair of Aztec gods, or if we all happen to be living in the Dreamtime. "	AGAINST
4558	creation	but who could it be?  Is it you or me?  Or maybe the Buddhists... or the Gnostics... or the ancient Greeks (then we will all suffer in Tarterus for not offering up sacrifices to Zeus).	AGAINST
4559	creation	If the Catholic Church says it, it has just gotta be true!	FAVOR
4560	creation	and could predict the next one, there would still be the question of why it was set up that way. You can never answer that. The evolutionary track, while useful, is blocked by time. It can never reveal the why either. Those are the questions each of us must come to terms with, if not answer, for ourselves. Religion does provide a framework for many people. A more interesting thought for me is that in Buddhism, the question itself is considered irrelevant. It's not whether there is a God, or any issue of theology that resonates, but how do I adjust myself?	AGAINST
4561	creation	Once again generalizing on an unfair term. Most people who believe in ID (i've already said that i don't accept it as fact) also believe in Evolution. They do not conflict with each other. Creationists want to say that evolution is just a theory, ID believers do not (usually).I was disagreeing with your generalization of ID belief. as for the scientists thing, Caroline Crocker's contract was no renewed and the reasons mentioned her belief in Intelligent Design. I'm sorry i don't have a list ready of all the scientists who were ever fired.I've posted this before, but here you go again. non-religious scientists who believe in IDa couple are a bit extreme, but most of the guys on here are pretty rational ID believers (and are not religious), and, they're scientists and scholars.I admit that I don't know. I do try to figure things out rationally, and ID happens to be a very rational conquest for the answers to the Universe. It's not the only theory i consider though, I have over 9000 theories in my head and I am constantly dissecting them in my head trying to figure out how i can possibly put them together or change them around a bit so that they are more reasonable.and you keep on trying to make it sound like i want scientific conquests to stop... I don't understand why you continue with that argument after i've constantly repeated that i want scientific research to continue and that i don't want it to stop at ID.it's an unfair argument. You seem to want to paint me as an irrational creationists when it's obvious i'm nowhere near that.	AGAINST
4562	creation	 The simplest way to prove it is this.  The next time  you get an infection and the doctor gives you 10 days of antibiotics, take them for 5 days, then stop.  The only remaining bacteria will be the strongest ones that could survive 5 days of pounding from the antibiotics.  These 'superbugs' will then multiply, and instead of a mediocre infection, you now have a antibiotic resistant microbial community which you cannot get rid of.  Evolution in a week.  PS: DON'T do this.	AGAINST
4563	creation	--CaseyEven the widely-touted theistic evolutionary biologist Kenneth Miller has claimed in five editions of his popular high school biology textbooks that the implication of evolution is that it works Ã’without either plan or purposeÃ“ and is Ã’random and undirected.Ã“(15)--Casey should be well aware with the history --?A. IÃ•m trying to set the context so I can give a full and complete answer to your question. So the interesting thing is that this is the only edition of any of the books that we have published, and probably eleven different editions, that contains that statement, and the reason for that quite simply is that I work with a co-author whose name is Joseph Levine, and Joe and I work together on many of the chapters in the book, but many of them we write separately and individually, and this was a statement as I was going through JoeÃ•s chapters, and I feel very badly about that. When this was first pointed out to me, the third edition of this book was in print, I immediately went to Joe, I said Joe, I think this is a bad idea, I said I think this is a non-scientific statement, I think it will mislead students. Joe agreed. We immediately took it out of the book, and thatÃ•s why I emphasized that it did not appear in subsequent editions. So what youÃ•re looking at, sir, is a mistake.(Transcript of Testimony of Kenneth Miller, Day 2 of Kitzmiller Trial (Sept. 27, 2005), pgs. 4-8.)--In the end the big difference is simple: ID has no scientific foundations, science does, in other words, there exists a valid secular purpose and the fact that some evolutionists are Christians and others are not is of no relevance.However, ID's history combined with its lack of content has doomed it.	AGAINST
4564	creation	"You skewed whatever argument you were wishing to present by quoting from the Cathoic Catechism.   Any sincere New Testament bible studdent knows that there is only one one reliable and true book, the bible, and any other man written book, such as the Catechism, is not God-inspired, thus false.Going a bit further, Catholicism itself is pretty much proven to be a false religion, and that statement is made based upon sound New Testament exegesis of Revelation 13 and Paul's second letter to the church at Thessalonica, in particular the second chapter where he talks about the ""man of sin"".  Sound, competent biblical scholars have identified both the ""man of sin"" and the two beasts in Revelation 13 as the Roman Catholic church and the papal dynasty.  Go back and study the history of the papal dynasty.  Then read what God has to say about a ""falling away"", forbidding to marry, abstention from eating certain meat, etc,. This refers to none other than the catholic church.  The pope (notice I did not capitalize the P) regards himself as God on earth, and equal to God, and says he has power to forgive sins.  No one but God can forgive sins. We're also told to call no one on earth ""Father"", but do the catholics abide by that?  No.With regard to the age of the earth, let the bible be its own best interpreter.  You either believe what it say in its entirety, or you don't."	FAVOR
4565	creation	"--Secrets of the genome, January 21, 2006 By 	John C. Landon ""nemonemini""""The work described in this book has led me to the conclusion that natural selection must work not just on each individual mutation, but also on the very mechanisms that generate genetic variation-as it does on all bio- logical functions. The research discussed in this book leads to the conclusion that mutations are not all accidents and that mutations are not always random. Our genomes, and those of other life forms, have evolved mechanisms that create different kinds of mutations in their DNA, and they reuse and adapt useful pieces of DNA, even to the point that there are genomic 'interchangeable parts.'Biochemical mechanisms can arise that tend to focus genetic variation, resulting in ""hot spots"" of genetic change at certain places in the genome.""---In a review of ""Darwin In the Genome: Molecular Strategies in Biological Evolution"" by Lynn CaporaleIndeed, to understand what science means by 'random' when it applies to evolutionary theory, one has to do more than claim that random must mean without pattern. Such a confusion, which could have laid to rest quickly, can cause one to hold to a flawed assumption that evolution is 'random', when all evolutionary theory (not necessarily Darwinism) observes that the source of variation is 'random' with respect to its immediate effects given an environment.Of course, that evolutionary processes themselves can improve mechanisms of variations, or that variation comes in hot spots, is nothing new, let alone at odds with how science uses the term 'random' when it comes to evolution."	AGAINST
4566	creation	A six day creation is a literal interpretation of Genesis, but it is not the only literal interpretation. You always pick the narrowest interpretation as if it was the only interpretation. It is not.	AGAINST
4567	creation	"The following statement by the employee of NCSE is the exact form of inference to the best explanation that ID scientists use to demonstrate that there is intelligence behind life. No one would think that it is by undirected chance that all the names on the list are Steve.""it becomes more impressive when you realize that all the scientists are named Steve. Census records show that people with those names represent about 1% of the US population, which means that those 900 scientists stand in for at least 90,000 scientists.""ID proponents use exactly the same type of scientific statistical methods to prove beyond reasonable doubt that intelligence was involved in the origin of the cosmos and of life."	FAVOR
4568	creation	 I do agree that evolution is wrong in the sense that it does not explain or support our existence.  There are some great studies done to show that evolution is happening and that we have adapted to our surroundings.  But to me, that does not support evolution.  Evolution is a broad topic.  I have done quite a bit of research and have found that people who are looking for answers will find things to support their belief.  There is nothing that proves evolution 100%.  Sure there are some great scientists and some very smart people that have made claims based on their research that evolution is real.  But this is like someone wanting something so bad that they will go to any length to find evidence to support their belief.  Nobody wants to prove themselves wrong, so i think that the majority of evolutionists will search for things to back themselves up.  That is too easy and comfortable.  Until I see some absolute evidence that supports evolution, rather than one's theory, then i have to conclude that it is wrong and that we are part of something more powerful than we could ever fathom.  Besides, has evolution ever turned someones life around?  Has evolution ever impacted someone so much that they make steps in their life to improve and influence people in a positive and loving way?  Evidence to support something and faith in something are two different things.  If you have faith in something, you don't need an explanation of it's existence.  It's like the whole airplane thing.  I don't know how a big hunk of metal flies through the air to get me somewhere, i don't even think that should be possible.  But apparently it is, and I have experienced it.  And every time I get on a plane, i have faith, blind faith.	FAVOR
4569	creation	Well personally, my second cousin by marriage on my mothers side descends from the Archea branch, but my bosses boss is an arachnid. To my knowledge they are not related.	FAVOR
4570	creation	"""In fact, the history of life shows a pattern of explosions where new fossil forms come into existence without any clear evolutionary precursors, concurring with design theory that predicts that species might appear abruptly.""This is a good example of how ID creationists describe the scientific data of the Cambrian explosion. They even extensively quote mine expert Valentine who recently has argued that based on the evidence, he believes that Darwinian processes are quite sufficient to explain this so called 'explosion' which was neither an explosion nor without evolutionary precursors.Weird stuff, but anyone familiar with the vast research in this area has to reject these simplistic and even erroneous representations of the Cambrian 'explosion'.So why do we still hear about them?"	AGAINST
4571	creation	To me this is a simple one Evolution all the way. It is science plain and simple when and if creationists can show evidence for creation beside the bible then and only then should it even be considered. The fact of the matter is all they have are criticisms of evolution which does not amount to evidence of creation.	AGAINST
4572	creation	I was wondering where Behe got his data since Lenksi's site showed clearly how fitness had been increasing, so the claim that at best there were a few degenerative mutations shows a lack of familiarity with the actual data or perhaps a sign of forgetfulness.And people wonder why scientists have come to find ID to be scientifically vacuous...	AGAINST
4573	creation	I can see how it would be interpreted as a contradiction.. but it really isn'tFirst off the statement 'And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made'  only at first appears that he took 7 days... just read the sentence again - he rested on the seventh day... just the same as in the other verse... no conflict - it's just the wording of 'On the seventh day God finished his work'..    If you worked 6 days of the week - on the seventh you would have finished your work...  The creation was a week - with the last day resting.. same in both.as far as verse 2 it is an entirely different type of story...It's mainly dealing with the creation of Adam but also the naming of the various generations of   animals   and plants by him.  Verse 2 is not an actual step by step story the way the first verse is -- you can tell by the wording itself2:4 begins'These are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created, in the day that the LORD God made the earth and the heavens'He's telling us right off the bat.. that what we have is a telling of the generations of animals and also man that was created 'in the day that the lord made the earth and the heavens'....The 'creation of the heavens and earth' was the entire process... not day 1.....same as it says 'in the beginning God created the heavens and the earth'  in verse 1..this is not simply the first day.. but an introduction to the process.  Although I had never considered the interpretation you are describing.. it seems you are saying that it contradicts because of the use of the word 'day'?  Just like in hebrew - our word day has a double meaning.. it can either mean a time.. or an actual day - like the phrase 'back in the day' =)  What separates this day from the days in verse 1 is most importantly the lack of the mention of 'evening and morning'.But back to the point - Verse 2 is a telling of how he created the animals and also man.  Let's look at the verse once more - ' These are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created, in the day that the LORD God made the earth and the heavens, And every plant of the field before it was in the earth, and every herb of the field before it grew: for the LORD God had not caused it to rain upon the earth, and there was not a man to till the ground.'As I said... this part is not a 'step by step' of creation.. it is just as it says 'the generations in the day that God made them (heaven, earth, plant and herb)'  It is a special verse devoted entirely to the telling of the process of making man - and later Adam naming the animals.  The purpose of this verse in not to simply retell the creation story a second time (there would be no point to that).With that in mind.. this is why the statement of God 'having not caused it to rain upon the earth' is not an issue... simply because this is not a retelling of a creation.. but used to express a different idea.. I'll try to state it the verse in more of a plain english.. rather than Bible english -' This is the story of the making of all the living things on the Earth (generations), and how it occurred ... to witness the process we return to the point just before their making - the point before God had made it rain upon the Earth and before there were a man to work the ground.'The supposed 'contradiction' arises when you assume that 'God not having caused it to rain' is in chronological order to Genesis 1.. or that this is a step by step piece.  It is an introduction to Genesis 2 in the same way that 'In the beginning..' is the introduction piece for Genesis 1.That is the way it reads for me... and believe me - it was difficult for me to try to put this into words for you.....understanding the verse and explaining it are two entirely different things - but this is the interpretation I've always got from this verse.. In genesis 1 we tell the story of how it all was created - in Genesis 2 we go back a step.. and tell the story of animals and man.  The verse serves to separate Adam from all the other beasts and make clear man's importance.Hey... I'm no Bible scholar.... I value the fact that you've pointed out the 'contradictions' because I've never understood what people meant by a contradiction in Genesis... I feel it's in the reading that it sounds like a contradiction... 	FAVOR
4574	creation	Nobody ever said that natural selection was random.  Straw man.  (Oh look, more misrepresentation!) The random comes in when particles of RNA that came out of the primordial ooze aligned by chance in such a way to produce a single-celled organism.  The chances of that occuring randomly are absurdly small.  If you can achieve that, life springing forth from non-life,   evolution  , at least in theory, actually holds water, though there are other problems.  The rulings of a few partisan judges do not invalidate a scientific theory any more than O.J. being set free invalidates forensics.Since your arbitrary definition of a valid definition will surely not include mine, no matter what mine may be, I'm not going to bother offering up a definition for you to reject out of hand, simply because it came from me.  (Who died and made you the definition master, anyway?)  Give me your definition, and I'll beat you on your own terms.  I believe the study mentioned above is already included in the Expert Debate section, as I seem to recall reading that on this very site.Violent Atheists are easy to find.  (see, Hitler, Mussolini, Lenin, Stalin, etc.)  Though I didn't mean physically violent, but rather verbally and ideologically hateful and intolerant, the above still holds true.  Atheists are no less violent than the religious.The perception of knowledge is scary because it rules out new information.  If you think or believe that something is true, you will be willing to change what you think/believe in light of new evidence.  How can you change what you know?  If we know the Earth is flat, how can it be round?  If we know there is no god, how can there be a designer?	FAVOR
4575	creation	People tend to focus on the trees.. and miss the forest entirely.Such simplistic arguments like 'How could you have a day if there wasn't a sun yet?'...*sigh*Such a limited creation we are... so lost in the details.  If you really must have an answer to such a question... simply put - God invented the very concepts of day and night... and even if there were no sun yet, a day was still a day.  Or maybe he did it just so that you would ask the question I suppose..  There is some truth to that as well.. I know that much of what God has done was deliberately intended to cause debates like this.  Atheists absolutely hate that response, they maintain that a loving God would never want to confuse us.  I agree, he didn't want to confuse us.. but he did want to leave plenty of room for you to not believe in him.  It's completely your choice - your free will.  Faith is not suppose to be easy.	FAVOR
4576	creation	"Grayling explains, in his review of Fuller's latest book, quite well how ID is doomed to remain scientifically vacuous--Fuller has written about Popper; he seems to forget PopperÃ•s killer point, namely, a theory that explains everything explains nothing. ID is such a theory; everything is consistent with it, nothing disproves it. The idea that there is such a thing as a deity behaves logically as a contradiction does (unsurprisingly, because the idea is indeed contradictory): anything whatever follows from it. (But presumably this is okay for Fuller because he was educated by Jesuits.)--AC Grayling, Origin of the specious, New, Humanist, Volume 123 Issue 5 September/October 2008         In his response, Fuller shows that he has fallen victim to the bait and switch of ID--FullerBut on to GraylingÃ•s most glaring deficiency vis-Âˆ-vis the topic of Dissent over Descent: his sheer ignorance of IDÃ•s argument structure, which is not that of a Young Earth Creationist (YEC) who looks for whatever evidence supports his pet theory. Generally speaking, ID is defended on the basis of what philosophers of science call Ã’inference to the best explanationÃ“ for the plausibility of design over chance in nature--But ID is NOT about an inference to the best explanation, something trivially shown by asking any ID proponent how ID explains the bacterial flagella, which due to lack of sufficient scientific understanding was claimed to have been 'designed'Of course, this somewhat foolish argument sets up Fuller for a scathing response--Grayling:I am, says Fuller, ignorant (sheerly so; this is the glaring deficiency in my case) of ""ID's argument structure"", which is - argument to the best explanation! Oh pul-eese! I ignored this bit in my review out of a kind of residual collegiality, for even among the toxicities that flow when members of the professoriate fall out, embarrassment on others"" behalf is a restraint. But he asks for it. Argument to the best explanation! Look: there is a great deal we do not know about this world of ours, but what is beautiful about science is that its practitioners do not panic and say ""cripes! we don't understand this, so we must grab something quick - attribute it to the intelligent designing activity of Fred (or Zeus or the Tooth Fairy or any arbitrary supernatural agency given ad hoc powers suitable to the task) because we can't at present think of a better explanation."" They do not make a hasty grab for a lousy ""best explanation"" because they have serious thoughts about the kind of thing that can count as such. Instead of quick ad hoc fixes, they live with the open-ended nature of scientific enquiry, hypothesising and testing, trying to work things out rationally and conservatively on the basis of what is so far well-attested and secure. What looks like having a chance of being both an ""explanation"" and the ""best"" in a specific case turns on there being a well-disciplined idea of ""best"" for that specific case. But an hypothesis has no hope of becoming the best explanation (until a better comes along) unless it survives testing, is specific, and is consistent and conservative with respect to much else that is secure. This is a far cry from the gestural ""best explanation"" move that ID theorists attempt, which - and note this carefully - does not restrict itself to individual puzzles only, but applies to Life, the Universe and Everything. It has to, at risk of incoherence; and yet by doing so, it collapses into incoherence.--Well said. Seems that many people have fallen victim of the erroneous claim that ID is an inference to the best explanation. After all he should have consulted Dembski who is on the records as--DembskiAs for your example, IÃ•m not going to take the bait. YouÃ•re asking me to play a game: Ã“Provide as much detail in terms of possible causal mechanisms for your ID position as I do for my Darwinian position.Ã“ ID is not a mechanistic theory, and itÃ•s not IDÃ•s task to match your pathetic level of detail in telling mechanistic stories. If ID is correct and an intelligence is responsible and indispensable for certain structures, then it makes no sense to try to ape your method of connecting the dots. True, there may be dots to be connected. But there may also be fundamental discontinuities, and with IC systems that is what ID is discovering.--Are there still any ID proponents out there willing to defend the position? "	AGAINST
4577	creation	Now the trick is to prove that all of the authors were free of stray thoughts and theological spin	AGAINST
4578	creation	Behe claims that --They can bring together separate components and place them in relationship to each other, to create an effect that may be extremely unlikely to occur by chance. So we detect design by inferring that some parts appear to have been arranged for a purpose.--Remember however that this addresses only chance and not regularity. In fact, it is regularity which helps us understand how design inferences work in real science where science deals in concepts such as means, motives and opportunities to narrow down the possibilities not by relying on chance but rather on an interplay of regularity and chance. How do we determine that a person was involved in a crime? Not by stating that 'chance and regularity' cannot explain the data thus designed. Few crimes if any have been solved in this manner, and that should come as no surprise since we would expect to see many innocent people locked up. Without however understanding motive, means and opportunities, one cannot easily make a design conclusion. Gary Hurd presented a good example of how the circumstance of our background knowledge can greatly affect our inference. The case involves an example in which a religious person was bitten by a snake. Initially this seemed to be just another accident, until the police found out that the snake was part of a snake charming ceremony in which the faithful handle snakes. While not as much an accident, it was also not a case of attempted homicide but it could be interpreted as an attempted suicide. After all, what person would willingly handle these poisonous snakes? But then the police found out that the woman was the wife of the preacher and that the preacher had just taken out a large life insurance for his wife. Now suddenly the police became suspicious. But was this evidence of murder or just a coincidence?ID's hypothesis would be useless in this case. Of course, ID proponents may argue that the design inference is not meant for all circumstances but I would argue that for rarefied design, it is unsuitable in any circumstance. Rarefied design is design which lacks the necessary information to constrain the explanatory power through relevant background data.In addition, while the concept of purpose is used by Behe, ID provides no way to determine purpose and in fact, due to its teleological nature, natural selection, which selects for function can be easily lead to apparent design. In fact, this returns us to the Paley problem namely that science replace our ignorance with scientific pathways to explain the evolution of life on earth. That subsequent data continued to strengthen these findings has made evolutionary theory such a powerful explanation. While ID has good reasons to want to return to the pre-Paleyian age, it presents no methods to differentiate between apparent and actual design. In fact, such a differentiation is never truly possible in case of the supernatural because one could always argue that the designer used nature for its design, just like the evidence suggests.In fact, ID does not infer purpose or a purposeful arrangement, it merely claims that design is that which remains when science has failed (so far) to explain a particular feature or system. However, to call our ignorance 'design' is just equivocating on concepts.So next time an ID proponent asserts that ID detects design through the purposeful arrangement of parts, let's remember that this is NOT how ID's methods work. 	AGAINST
4579	creation	"""Because   science   as we know it today can only answer one of them.""Why not?  What qualities does the designers have that make them beyond study?""I would think not, since ID only tries to identify the features of the natural world which are designed... and nothing more. Asking questions about the designer are separate from determining if something was planned or not.""I don't see it that way.  A theory quantifying the designers, which could be used to make accurate predictions about their next action, would solidify ID as a working theory.  Without that then the argument that random mutation can only go so far, but not further (even when given an arbitrarily long period of time), is still a better discription.""Maybe, but those questions can be inferred without knowledge of intentions and methods.""I would think that it would be beyond maybe.  Knowing the nature of the designers would give a huge amount of insight into why they were designing life on this planet.  Knowing the methods would allow us to replicate them in the laboratory.We could also go and meet them, I know I've several complaints on this body they designed for me that I'd like to have cleared up."	AGAINST
4580	creation	"""Behe claims that ""That is not the sort of process one needs to build complex molecular systems."" when discussing the experiment by Richard Lenski. What Behe forgets to mention are the actual findings of the research such as""Over the generations, in fits and starts, the bacteria did indeed evolve into faster breeders. The bacteria in the flasks today breed 75% faster on average than their original ancestor.""""At what cost? Did these new super-breeders need to eliminate some proteins or functions from their systems in order to achieve this ability? Do the faster breeders still have the same efficiency in the functions Lenski describes? What about population size? Despite the rapid breeding, did the population size remain the same, or did they just draw the claim of rapid breeding based on the time it took for new generations to arise?""and they also showed some interesting findings that show how beneficial/detrimental depends on the environment""Now that's a spectacular way to cover one's ass when they know they've run into a wall. Just say that the fitness only depends on the environment, and even if they show some losses in their current environment, they would do just fine and possibly even better if we just tried a new set of environmental settings. So I'm assuming that when the nylonase only had 2% the efficiency of typical enzymes, it was because we just didn't have the right environment for the bacteria, am I right?  www.nmsr.org/nylon.htm  +nylonase+  evolution  +The+new+enzymes+are+very+inefficient+(having+only+2%25+of+the+efficiency+of+the+regular+enzymes)&hl=en&ct=clnk&cd=1&gl=us""and a remarkable mutation which caused the bacteria to feast on the citrate""This is only a fraction of the whole equation, did the bacteria retain the same efficiency? Did it retain the same population levels? Did it have to shed other functions in the process? Without this information we have no way of knowing if anything was gained or lost in this whole process.""and countering behe's claims, the evidence actually suggested that this was a change in multiple sites, something Behe has argued cannot happen""I'm assuming your referring to chloroquine resistance and Edge of Evolution? I'm sure it's more than likely to happen, but not without some loss in the original functionality of the organism in question. Speaking of multiple mutations.....    =cm_blog_blogCan wait to read the posts that follow....""In an earlier article in the NY Times, it was reported that these bacteria were not the same ones""Tell us the article please, just so we can know for sure you're not making this up.""Of course, none of these bacteria evolved into mammals, something hardly expected given the limited timescales involved, however contrary to Behe's claims, these bacteria started to feed on citrate even though such a feat required multiple changes.""See the previous points. The question at hand is whether or not Darwin's mechanism can produce the ""apparent"" design in nature. Now for your claim to even be relevant to this question, I would suggest that you give us the full picture and explain whether or not the citrate feeding bacteria retained the same efficiency, breeding rate, and functionality as their earlier counter-parts. ""It seems clear that even these trivial examples of hard scientific work show not only that ID remains scientifically vacuous but also that ID has to reject and ignore contradicting evidence that shows it to be wrong."" It seems clear that even in this discussion you've decided to give answers to questions which you know will fit your accepted conclusion. You give all this talk about a new function evolving while giving no indication as to whether or not the same level of functionality was retained from the original population. I can't say I wonder why the results of the Lenski experiment have been called into question in the first place. ""What's even worse about ID being scientifically vacuous? In my opinion, ID being wrong and knowing it.""Sounds like a theory I know, but it isn't ID....."	FAVOR
4581	creation	"I recommend this book:God in the Foxhole by Charles Sasser, not that youll read it but hey its worth a try.From the battlefields of the American Civil War through World Wars I and II, from Korea and Vietnam to the front lines in Iraq and Afghanistan, soldiers of all faiths have struggled for understanding and called on a higher power when faced with the realities of combat. God in the Foxhole is a stunning collection of true personal accounts from generations of American soldiers whose faith, in the words of author Charles W. Sasser, ""has been born, reborn, tested, sustained, verified, or transformed under fire.""A renowned master of combat   journalism   and a former Green Beret, Sasser has gathered an immensely moving collection of war stories like no other -- stories of spirituality, conversion, and miracles from the battlefield. Be they Christian, Jewish, Muslim, or atheist, churched since childhood or touched by the divine for the first time, here are the riveting experiences of army privates, bomber pilots, navy lieutenants, marines, prisoners of war, medics, nurses, chaplains, and others who, under desperate circumstances and with every reason to fear for their lives, found unknown strength, courage, and heroism through their remarkable faith.end quote.In case you didnt see it their was an atheist or two in those foxholes, but not for very long! Hahaha"	FAVOR
4582	creation	"To those unfamiliar with Nick Matzke, he was one of the (many) instrumental contributors to the success of the Kitzmiller v Dover ruling, as part of the plaintiffs' team. Not only has Nick contributed significantly to the unraveling of Behe's 'flagellum must have been designed' argument but he has also shown the evolution of ID from ""creationist"" via the intermediate fossil ""cdesign proponentsist"" to ""design proponent"". In fact, thanks to Nick Matzke and the plaintiffs' team, Behe's testimony during the Kitzmiller trials became useful evidence for the plaintiffs and the judge quoted extensively from Behe's testimony in his final ruling to show not only why the school board was motivated by religion but also that ID fails to be scientifically relevant.And of course, Nick has always been at the frontline of defending scientific competence and accuracy."	AGAINST
4583	creation	That figures.Geez PvM your position that everything comes down to sheer dumb luck is totally vacuous. It cannot be tested. It relies solely on circumstantial evidence which is guided by your predisposition to reject design a priori.BTW everything in your position is beyond observation. Universal common descent- never observed, not even in the fossil record. Mutations accumulating to give rise to novel structures with novel functions- never observed.IOW there isn't a shred of science in your position.	FAVOR
4584	creation	"""So we detect design by inferring that some parts appear to have been arranged for a purpose.""Other inconvenient observations which bear inspection : purposefulness and intentionality. Here is that impermissible notion to the effect: ""personality is void of material and therefore personality is not worthy of  notable consideration by   science  ""Following that is dismissal and denial of  personal expressions and very often ad hominem character-assassination.We are forced to confront these challenges which in a more spiritual world might appear trivial or pathetic.  Be prepared which might advise be patient and have pity."	FAVOR
4585	creation	--complexity is the more the norm than the exception. And not by happenstance, but by design.--Sure, we know what mechanism can cause the apparent design of complexity. --Now let's see, 100 billion galaxies ... but nah, mankind is the only intelligent being in existence. --That we know of. It's called selection bias.ID speculates on lack of evidence to suggest that our ignorance is best explained by something called design. Let's not confuse the matter by claiming that ID postulates anything relevant to science.	AGAINST
4586	creation	While in science you cannot prove or falsify the existence of God (and ID doesn't change that), I agree that when it comes to blind faith Dawkins and PZ Myers are guilty of the same thing. I considered atheism for a while after having a growing distaste for what seemed to be an elitist mentality among Christians, but then I realized that this new atheist movement is basically guilty of the same thing.  My mind was made up when I a couple people on youtube posted videos saying atheism offered nothing, and after viewing some of the attempts to prove atheism DID have something to offer, I realized that even if religion WAS false, it at least serves as a catalyst for a happier life. 	FAVOR
4587	creation	"you have such books written as, THE CONSIPIRACY OF IGNORANCE, by Martin Gross. Because the school system only teaches     evolution     the     children     attending that school will always be dumber and less intelligent than any other school that promotes spiritual growth and truth. Truth is probably the best factor in determining intelligence and one cannot have it with Gd! So that is why, in many peoples opinions, including my own, that we have this:1. A statement by Dr. James Conant in 1960's,a quote in reference to the Education establishment ( public school)  he called it a ""CLOSED ALLIANCE"" and little did he know just how much of a corrupt alliance it would become in the years ahead.2. Apparently one of the sad consequences of such a corrupted alliance is that our     kids     are dumber and we have to have as much as 45% of PHD's are given to non-    Americans     each year in our country, which our governement calls, NON-RESIDENT ALIENS, according to the book, Conspiracy of Ignorance.3.June 1999,the chairman of the Federal Reserve board, Alan Greenspan,  warned that the poor state of public school     education     would endanger its     constitution    , that being a people capable of maintaining its prosperity.4.In Massachusetts, April 1998 teachers where tested, all of whom had received bachelors of education, and 3 out of every 5 flunked! And that was being able to write a gramatically correct sentence.5. And sadest of all the book exposes a national crisis when it showed that at a national math test, 60% of American students could not show how to get an average number from 5 numbers provided. AND THE  BOTTOM LINE IS THE TEACHERS AND THEIR ASSOCIATIONS AND UNIONS ARE IN GREAT NEED OF HIGHER EDUCATION THEMSELVES. PS INCLUDING CREATIONISM AS A N OPTION AND STOPPING HYPNOSIS ON STUDENTS WOULD BRING UP THEIR IQ'S IMMEDIATELY! My opinion.                                                              "	FAVOR
4588	creation	"""evolution has basically been proven"", ""there is no evidence for the Biblical story"" common claims made by evolutionists. Out of all the claims, I've never heard any solid evidence to support them. There's no evidence for the biblical story? Then why is the top of Mt Everest covered in fossilized clams? Why have sets of human footprints have been found on top and next to dinosaur footprints? Why are there so many ""fossil graveyards"" (the result of swirling water eddies)? Why did the earth have to be created instantaneously (www.halos.com)? Evolution is a fact? Then why have fossilized whales been found standing vertically on their tails? Why are the layers of coal formations connected? Out of the billions of fruit flies/bacteria generations observed, why have they only produced after their kind? Why is the age of the earth severely limited?: The moon is moving away from the earth each year, and would have been touching earth 1.3 billion years ago; long before then lunar tides would have wiped out life. Earth's spin is slowing down, so less than a million years ago it would it have been going much too fast for anything to survive (centrifugal force, 5,000 mph winds). Need more questions?"	FAVOR
4589	creation	"""On the Origin of Species"" is out of date. It rightfully retains its historical significance as a turning point in Western society, but modern scientists rarely cite the text directly. Darwin's theory has almost entirely been supplanted by modern refinements. Remember that Darwin published his theory before the discovery of DNA. The mechanism he tentatively proposed to explain the heredity of traits, a critical component in his theory, was flawed and incorrect. Scientists discarded such ideas and incorporated discoveries from biology to create the modern evolutionary synthesis.    Darwin's theory was itself a refinement of earlier ideas. It had been known long into antiquity that species inherit traits and change over time. (Domestication of animals, animal breeding, etc) Darwin was the first to propose common descent. His novel idea was that isolated populations of the same species can diverge into separate species after many generations.In stark contrast, ""creation scientists"" will stubbornly resist any discovery that contradicts the earliest formulation of their ""theory."" I use quotes because creationism offers no specific mechanisms and makes no useful predictions. The text upon which the idea is based makes absolutely no claim to scientific accuracy. In fact, the document was written centuries before the scientific method.That is how your comparison fails. Darwin was wrong in many respects, and scientists rightfully discarded those ideas. Young earth creationism is also false on many points, yet ""creation scientists"" have not updated their theory."	AGAINST
4590	creation	Therefore your usurpation of supposed assumption of stated opinion cannot be proven or supported by evidence, but is not substantial enough to answer the question specifically.No.no no no no no no noNo.I disagree.Thank you for arguing.	AGAINST
4591	creation	"The absence of a creator is not an assumption of the sciences. Scientists almost always rely upon methodological naturalism, the assumption that explanations of observable effects are most useful when they describe specific (natural) mechanisms. This has worked well so far, but nothing in the scientific method precludes supernatural explanations if the observations warrant it.Scientists gave intelligent design a fair chance. Once upon a time, intelligent design did made a prediction that we could measure and verify. It predicted that life would have ""irreducibly complex"" structures that could not have evolved by natural selection acting upon a series of advantageous mutations. Several candidates of irreducibly complex structures were suggested, and scientists took a careful look at each. Not one turned out to be irreducibly complex.That's worth repeating: No biological structure is known to be irreducibly complex.This is why intelligent design was rejected. It made predictions that further investigation found to be false. The vast majority of scientific ideas die this way; it's okay. The only unscientific feature of modern intelligent design is the unwillingness of many to abandon it in light of these new observations."	AGAINST
4592	creation	Purelabor claims that there is no proof for either side. Now I appreciate that he admits that ID has not proof but evolutionary theory is based on an exceptional depth and breadth of evidence.To call Darwin a true racist you have to ignore the facts. But I understand that calling him a racist is much easier than to refute his theory.Oh, I understand.Ignorance is a powerful motivator amongst some creationists, ID reinforces that by calling it design.	AGAINST
4593	creation	"--TJ: Again, only valid if you trust Judge Jones, and Judge Jones is really only the ACLU in disguise because of how much he copied from them. The ACLU is anti-religion for the most part, although, to their credit, once in a great while, they will take up the cause of a religious person.--You seem to be ill informed but worse, you seem to have fallen victim of the DI propaganda.That's to bad.TJ: I'm not sure how I am ill-informed.  Come on, let me hear you say it straight out. Write it out for all of us to see.  I dare you.  ""I believe that Judge Jones did not copy his analysis from the ACLU even though it was almost 91% verbatim.  I believe this happened just by accident like evolution.""If this is what you really want us to believe, then I want to hear it straight from your mouth.  I'll tell you up front, that I don't have the faith to believe in a chance occurrence like that.  I'm deceived because I don't believe the 91% similarity in the ACLU's submission and the Judge's analysis was a lucky or freak coincidence?!!  I'm ill-informed because I think he copied it?  RIGHT!Again, it is amazing how gullible evolutionists think people are!  Absolutely amazing!tj"	FAVOR
4594	creation	"--Casey writes--ID doesn't try to address theological questions about the identity, nature, or origin of the designer. The question ""Who Designed the Designer?"" is outside the scope of the scientific theory of ID, and is thus a philosophical or theological question that can only be addressed via philosophy or theology. ---This is inconsistent because ID argues that information and complexity requires a designer and thus if they invoke a Supernatural entity, they have to explain who or what created this complex form.Dawkins has done a great job at turning ID's 'argument' against itself. And again Casey continues to make the same flawed argument--In fact, we can detect design without any knowledge of the designerÃ•s identity or origin. --We cannot detect design reliably when we lack any positive data to constrain the designer. It's that simple. And yet that is what ID is attempting to do. Just ask any IDer, how does ID explain the bacterial flagella and you will be amazed that they provide nothing. That's because 'design' as defined by ID is at best a position of ignorance.It's sad to see how ID keeps using 'bait and switch' between design as defined by ID and design as more commonly understood by the layperson.And finally this fallacious claim--CaseyThis point illustrates the fact that someone drawing larger philosophical implications from ID does not disqualify it from being scientific. In fact, many Darwinists have argued that neo-Darwinism has larger anti-religious philosophical implications, but that does not make neo-Darwinism unscientific.--Of course not, because Darwinism is a scientific theory that stands on its own evidence. However, ID fails not only to present a scientific hypothesis, but worse cannot stand on its own legs. The vacuity of ID at a scientific level is explained easily by ID's appeal to the supernatural.It's the religious motivations which caused ID to be developed, mostly as an outcome the Edwards ruling, to circumvent the law of the land. It's the religious motivation which has caused ID to remain scientifically vacuous. Needless to say, the quote mining of Casey deserves more scrutiny but I am taking his suggestion and will retire to my lovely bed. If ID has to resort to this kind of quote mining then the state of affairs are even worse than I thought."	AGAINST
4595	creation	 Creationism is not out of the picture. God is still VERY much alive. And ya know what? The latest science, (that's right SCIENCE), is proving that. The Theory of Evolution is the linchpin for society and Science... Of course they're not going to want to abandon it. But... It will have to be abandoned. It's inevitable. There are too many holes in this THEORY. From the depths of space, down to the tiny, irreducibly complex machines within the cell, 'the glory of His work' can be seen. :]	FAVOR
4596	creation	Your stating what you believe, not what can be demonstrated scientifically.Logically what is the difference between your quote of the Bible and a Buddhist's quote of the Diamond Sutra? or a Muslims quote of the Koran?I've do not have any issues with your beliefs... but I do question their use in a scientific context.	AGAINST
4597	creation	"""We must be prepared to take account  of the fact that our location in the universe is necessarily privileged to the extent of being compatible with our existence as observers""And even that formulation has been taken apart by Rudolf Haller in his book ""Non-Existence and Predication""Understanding is the first step towards formulating a workable hypothesis and 'popularization' thereof."	AGAINST
4598	creation	"--tj10Look what happened to Richard Stenburg when he had the courage to allow an ID piece get published? Scientists and his peers jumped all over him. He lost his job and his reputation.---First of all his name is Sternberg or von Sternber, second of all, contrary to popular myth he did not lose his job. It helps to get at least these facts right and I understand that you may have gotten these flawed impressions from ID reports so let's look at the facts.As Schloss describes the portrayal of the Sternberg 'affair; in the movie ""Expelled: No Intelligence Allowed"" (ironic title...)---After the article was published, rumors circulated that Sternberg was a young earth creationist. HeÃ•s not. Rumors circulated that Sternberg, contrary to standard policy for scientific publications, did not send the paper out for peer review. He definitely did. It was also claimed that Sternberg did not conform to the journalÃ•s typical standards for seeking input from an associate editor. This is contested. Finally, it has been documented that communication between those associated with the journal and the Smithsonian Institution (involved in the journalÃ•s publication) and/or the National Center for Science Education (a leading anti-creationist organization) inquired about SternbergÃ•s religious beliefs, political affiliations, and even discussed whether he should be terminated, formally disciplined, or made to resign.21 And it was decided none of these things should occur.So what actually did happen? Sternberg stepped down from his post as editor, but everybody agrees this has nothing to do with the article, and his term was set to expire before it appeared anyway. He was not fired or asked to resign at the Smithsonian. In fact, he didnÃ•t even have a job at the Smithsonian to begin with (he is an employee of the National Institutes of Health). His was a courtesy appointment as a researcher, which was not rescinded. But after the term ran out, it was commuted to a lower prestige designation. From here the claims seem to get considerably more modest and also a bit more difficult to adjudicate. Sternberg claims his name was taken off his door, he had to move to worse work space, had to trade in his master key for another key, had to endure bureaucratic demands that others did not, and had his access to collections restricted. TheSmithsonian claims some of this happened and some didnÃ•t, but much of what did happen also happened to others for reasons of general policy, some even before the article came out. The worst case scenario Ã which does not seem altogether unlikely Ã is that Sternberg indeed experienced a hostile work environment. It seems clear that colleagues viewed him as having betrayed the standards and reputation (but not the policies) of the organization, they were ticked with him, and as is not uncommon in such situations, he was subjected to gossip and the diminution of discretionary professional courtesies. ---Source: Jeffrey P. Schloss ""The Expelled Controversy: Overcoming or Raising Walls of Division?"", Center for Faith, Ethics, and Life Sciences Westmont CollegeI will address the other ill informed statements by TJ10 in a later posting."	AGAINST
4599	creation	"""Creationism has more solid evidence than   evolution   does.""Actually no it does not... the proof for evolution is quite strong in that 1) we can observe it occuring 2) the fossil record shows changes in lifeforms separated by time 3) genetic analysis shows similarities at the DNA level between similar lifeforms.""I hope I am not being offensive or rude with my statements, I just wish to state what I believe is the truth.""What we believe is true is quite separate from what we can scientifically demonstrate is true.""Anyway, evolution is the only theory being taught in our schools and the evidence backing it up either has a probailty that is beyond scientific verification or it has already been proven wrong and is stilling being taught.""The only places that it has ever been 'proven' wrong are in creationist literature... never in a reputable scientific study or journal.""It does require faith to believe in God because He is greater than anything conceived on the earth.""I completely agree with you, but faith is not evidence.""Nevertheless, there is evidence for creation such as the grand canyon, or the utter complexity of the universe which all scientists are well aware of.""The Grand Canyon?  The evidence for a creationist origin of the Grand Canyon is unbelievably flimsy, and is based on assumptions that are not close to scientifically valid.  The same goes for the complexity of the universe... complexity does not require intelligence.""If we're choosing what is taught in our schools based on the evidence that bakcs it up, than maybe we should also be reconsidering evolution since it is not scientifically valid.""Evolution, though not a perfect picture, comes far closer then any creationist or ID theories in explaining the diversity of life we see around us./r"	AGAINST
4600	creation	"A theory (as the word is used by scientists) is a detailed description of some aspect of the universes workings that is based on long-continued observation and, where possible, experiment, that is the result of careful reasoning from those oservations and experiments, and that has survived the critical studies of scientists generally.Example... we have the description of the cellular nature of living organisms (the ""cell theory""), of objects attracting each other according to the fixed rule (the theory of gravitation), of energy behaving in discrete bits (the quantum theory), of light traveling through a vacuum at a fixed measurable velocity (the theory of relativity). I could go on and on... but I think you get the picture. All are theories... all are firmly founded... all are accepted as valid descriptions of whatever aspect of the universe. AND NO THEORY is better founded, more closely examined, more critically argued, and more thoroughly accepted than the theory of evolution. If it is only a ""theory""... that is all it has to be.Creationism... on the other hand... IS NOT A THEORY! There is no evidence, in the scientific sense, that supports it. Creationism is an expression of Middle Eastern legend. It is no more than a MYTH.""Aithiesm constitutes that NOTHING created the universe.""Not a very good choice of words, by the way... atheists believe that God IS Nothing (in other words... something that is non-existent)."	AGAINST
4601	creation	--IslandThe WMAP anamoly indicates that we are at the center of the universe:       ---Where in the article is this argument proposed?From the conclusions--Therefore, there is strong evidence either of some systematic error in the WMAP pipeline (although in a preliminary analysis, the team is now discovering similar features in COBE maps), or that the largest scales of the microwave sky are dominated by a local foreground.This finding has vast implications. It casts doubts on the cosmological interpretation of the lowest-1 multipoles from the temperature-temperature correlation and from the temperature-polarization correlation, and in turn on the claim that the first stars formed very early in the history of the universe. --I can see how Island may have jumped to the conclusion hereFrom Wikipedia--Lawrence Krauss is quoted as follows in the referenced Edge.org article:[8]    But when you look at CMB map, you also see that the structure that is observed, is in fact, in a weird way, correlated with the plane of the earth around the sun. Is this Copernicus coming back to haunt us? That's crazy. We're looking out at the whole universe. There's no way there should be a correlation of structure with our motion of the earth around the sun Ã‘ the plane of the earth around the sun Ã‘ the ecliptic. That would say we are truly the center of the universe.It would be somewhat surprising if the WMAP alignments were a complete coincidence, but the anti-Copernican implications suggested by Krauss would be far more surprising, if true. Other possibilities are (i) that residual instrumental errors in WMAP cause the effect (ii) that unexpected microwave emission from within the solar system is contaminating the maps.[9]--	AGAINST
4602	creation	A lot of them are stupid and come up with outright stupid, ignorant arguments against it... but a lot choose not to agree with it because it contradicts their faith.	FAVOR
4603	creation	" You're right, there isn't a shred of positive evidence for creationism and creationists don't even try.  All they do is try to poke holes in evolution as if that does anything whatsoever to prove creationism is at all viable.  />   /> You have to remember that the majority of ""professional creationists"" are just shysters trying to make a buck out of people's religious gullibility."	AGAINST
4604	creation	"--JoeGBTW PvM the scientific answer to UCD is ""we don't know"". So why is it OK for YOU to make an inference- UCD- when we don't know, but it is wrong for IDists to make an infer3ence when it is based on observations, data and experience?---Nope, the scientific fact shows UcD, the mechanisms through which UcD can be explained ,again are not 'we don't know' but rather observed sources of variation as well as processes such as drift and selection.ID makes no inference based on obsevations, data and experience, it merely lifts its hands when seeing the data and argues, that because we do not know how it happened, it should be 'designed'.We all know how that led Newton astray, ID is not much better than that.What positive evidence for ID exists to explain UcD? Poof? For science we can actually point to countless evidences that show not only the fact of UcD, a fact even some better informed ID proponents like Behe have to accept, but also science can point to actual observed mechanisms to explain.All ID can do is say 'but but but'....Thanks for your contribution as it demonstrates the vacuity of ID combined with the ignorance needed to reach such a conclusion.PS: We do know that things evolved, the question is merely how. ID fails to propose any explanations beyond 'well it must have been designed' while science shows how natural processes of variation and chance serve as the 'designer'.That my friend is why ID has no cotent."	AGAINST
4605	creation	"""this is not a proof of   evolution   from chimps... it just means (guess what) the same virus is in both. Science is not   science   if it makes these kinds of assumptions.""Lets start off with this... Humans did not evolve from chimps.. chimps and humans have a common ancestor.Moving onward... the fact that the same gene sequences can be found in both humans and chimps is evidence that we share a common ancestor, which when combined with other evidence gives strong credence to the theory that humans and chimps are related.  Science does not 'assume' that since chimps and humans are genetically similar that we have a common ancestor, it is seen as evidence supporting that theory.""do you know we also have 78% of the genes of a BANANA!?does that lead you to believe we are related to a banana?""Yes, there is a common ancestor between humans and the banana... an exceptionally distant one to be sure.""question everything - science included.""That's the point of Science... Science is there to be questioned, tested, and re-evaluated.  That is why scientific theories are constantly being changed or discarded based on new observations."	AGAINST
4606	creation	"--Ask yourself this: ""if the universe is expanding, what happens when that expansion ceases?"" My answer is that it can't be random.--It collapses. Why can this not be random? Simple, because it depends on the amount of mass in the universe, whether it is open or closed, and whether the expansion is slowing down, or increasing. However, your 'it can't be random'  does not require a designer necessarily since regularities such as laws of nature can explain these behaviors as well.We humans love to believe we are here for a reason, and I can understand, as a Christian myself, why we may hold positions of faith. However, when I see claims that one can prove the existence of this supernatural entity or entities using science, and then come to realize that the 'science' is nothing more than 'real science cannot explain X' thus 'x should be called designed'.And that my friends is exactly the foundation of ID."	AGAINST
4607	creation	" Teaching creationism is dangerous to science and reason - If a theory that does not follow the scientific method is taught in schools as ""science"", science and reasoning will be undermined."	AGAINST
4608	creation	"--Jim---1. You never responded to my comment: When Crick said molecular machines appear designed but are not, he was never castigated for being ""unscientific."" If some one responds and says those molecular machines are designed, they are harshly criticized for being ""unscientific."" Why?---Likely because when Crick said it, he had positive hypotheses about how such molecular machines had arisen. And indeed, looking at the genetic evidence it shows, as expected a nested hierarchy. When people say that it looks 'designed' and is 'designed' none of these people presents anything more that just that statement. And for good reasons because ID really cannot say more than that as it is based on an eliminative/negative argument.PS: I am not sure what Crick said when or where. I have tracked down one of Crick's statements to ID proponents' writings---""Biologists must constantly keep in mind that what they see was not designed, but rather evolved."" --Source: William A. Dembski ""Detecting Design in the Natural Sciences""The source of the original Crick claim appears to be """"What Mad Pursuit: A Personal View of Scientific Discovery,"" [1988], Penguin Books: London, 1990, reprint, p.138"" and I will have to double check the context.--Jim---2. You write ID is merely a negative argument. I don't know about that (Luskin's article) but is it not normal in scientific discourse to point out the weakness of a theory and then argue against it on the failure to explain away the weakness?---this is what I call bait and switch or moving the goalposts. When pointing out that ID is vacuous, you state, but well, it keeps science honest. If that were the full extent of ID, then there seems to be no need to get ID pushed into are school curricula, nor would it really add anything to science as this is, as you point out what science already does. Things get worse however, when said 'arguments' against evolutionary theory are based on fallacious, misleading or outright false claims. So even in this aspect I have found ID to be lacking scientific relevance. The real issue of course is that ID proposes nothing beyond 'well science cannot explain 'x' yet'. So what... Why the attempt to call this 'design' and then use bait and switch to conflate the narrow definition of 'design' with how people commonly understand 'design'. That's too Rovian for me... If the full extent of ID is that it remains 'critical of science' then you would have to agree with me that this renders ID scientifically without content, as it fails to contribute any knowledge to science, other than point out that science does not yet explain 'x'. Look at the bacterial flagella for instance, what has science done to increase our understanding of the flagella versus what has ID done? I can tell you that science has increased our understanding significantly and has proposed, tentative hypotheses. What has ID done? Deny the relevance of the work of these scientists.to be continued"	AGAINST
4609	creation	"""The theory of   intelligent design   holds that certain features of the universe and of living things are best explained by an intelligent cause""Fine.  And that's why this ""theory"" is not science.  Your ""intelligent cause"" is completely undefined.  Its powers, limitations, method, time frame, etc. are completely undefined.  Are you going to make ""predictions"" (as to where Tiktaalik will be found)?  And, of course, the ""features"" you claim you are trying to explain can be easily explained by completely natural causes.  You are trying to prove a negative.  You wish to prove that evolution cannot explain this.  Fail.So, who is going to decide on the ""best explanation""?  A scientist?  Or a theologian?  What criteria will be used?  I know it when I see it?  Some nonsense about ""irreducible complexity"" or ""specified information""?  LOL."	AGAINST
4610	creation	"""The origins of life are the focus of a great deal of study, but it focuses more on biochemistry then   evolutionary biology  , as there was nothing to evolve before the first cells existed.""I can agree with you on that, but I can't help but wonder how you would falsify the prospect of an undirected origin for life. ""The theory that a supernatural entity created life on Terra seems very close to creationism to me...""Of course the supernatural is not something ID can address on it's own. ""...and since the theory has so little backing I would not expect it to be taught as though it were an accepted theory.""Shall we then dive into some of the evidence placed in it's favor and you can tell me what is so deficient about it?""Scientists may not yet have built a perfect picture of how life evolved, but the theory accurately describes what we observer,""See the list of failed predictions I linked to. I think a lot of people would disagree with you on this one. ""and allows for predictions to be made regarding what will occur to a species over time.""Examples???""Every time a new fossil is discovered another hole fills in... do we really need to revise our entire world view on nothing more then some missing bones?""Of course not, missing bones are just a small part of the picture. Can we look at the rest of what ID is paying close attention to, or do we have to argue about semantics first?""Except for in the fossil record, where transitional elements are quite prominent.""One thing which I have found prominently amusing is what many have called the ""retroactive ignorance"" of many people in paleontological studies. You know, the whole ""Well, there are no missing links, but each day we keep finding a new fossil which finally proves it!"" If what you're saying is true then why is it that researchers keep finding a new ""missing link"" that finally settles the debate when prior to such a finding they insisting that no such thing even existed?""Interspecies mating? New species usually evolve from existing populations due to   genetic   changes over vast time scales, not from the mating of two separate species.""I can agree on this one, but Livvy's main point seemed to show that too much variation between two maiting living things does not always lead to a new ""hopeful monster"" as some have called it. ""Yet there are no birds before the archaeoperyx, and after the archaeoperyx the birds begin to appear.... how does ID explain that?""By taking existing structures and gradually reworking them. Kind of like the lineage between a model T and a Ford F-150. ""What reason is given for the appearance of birds after the appearance of bird like dinosaurs (which were not lizards)?""See the above point. "	FAVOR
4611	creation	I'm aware of that ID Christians give themselves a huge fudge factor by claiming that the Fall of Man somehow fouled up non-human nature. But there were, we presume, rocks and sand and and mud in the Garden of Eden. If somebody examined them on the morning before the Fall, would they also show signs of design? After all, they would be God's creation and therefore artifacts.So, Bzzzt! Thanks for playing again. We do appreciate the quarters you keep dropping in the machine. 	AGAINST
4612	creation	"--Nothing in the early drafts state that the ""creator"" was specifically god or anything supernatural, something the DI is already emphasizing on this site.--The term creation and creationists have very clear and religious meanings. Let's not pretend otherwise, the Court certainly did not buy this after the fact 'explanation'"	AGAINST
4613	creation	"""Some kind of entity capable of guiding ends to means and pre-planning events or features before they happen or come into   existence   .""A non living entity?  Because life is to complex to come about without a designer then by definition that designer cannot be alive.  How does this designer guide 'ends to means' and how does it pre-plan events before they come into existence? ""What does this have to do with ID (which DETECTS existing design instead of determining how it got there)?""But if there is a designer then that designer has to be using some method to create these changes?  For a theory that explicitly states that there is a designer ID is remarkably quiet on the nature and methods of that designer.""It is no more a ""   god   -of-the-gaps"" theory than coming across a book and concluding it had an author is an ""author-of-the-gaps"" fallacy.""The difference is that a book is demonstratively an artificial construct.  I can got a printer and watch one being made, I can go to an author and ask why he wrote the book.  Can I do the same thing with a bird or a lizard?""A complexity threshold of 500 bits of information is the typically used standard. Derived from the universe's event-generating resources (time, matter, and the speed that matter can change).""So something can, through a process of random mutation, accumulate 499 bits of information... but not more?  What 500 bits of information are we talking about here?  The complexity of dunes in the Sahara desert would have to be coded in more the 500 bits of information by any standard... is it designed by an intelligence?"	AGAINST
4614	creation	"""You mean you accepted the attempt to reconcile the early drafts while ignoring the facts? Sadly you seem to have fallen victim of DI propaganda.""Nothing in the early drafts state that the ""creator"" was specifically god or anything supernatural, something the DI is already emphasizing on this site. ""Of course, not IDEA centers may finally help ID become scientifically relevant, although so far nothing to suggest that this will happen""Not sure what you're saying, please rephrase. "	FAVOR
4615	creation	First, thanks for the reply. I appreciate a good discussion like the one we're having thus far.Second, I'm not sure I follow your argument.  To say that the Discovery Institute argues this as well doesn't tell me anything about whether the argument is right or wrong, good or bad, based upon it's merits.  In addition, we're not discussing whether ID should or ought to be discussed in science classes.  We're discussing whether doing so is constitional.  There is a world of difference between what should be done/is a good idea and what is constitionally permissible.Finally, to claim that ID has no secular purposes that are not shams is quite a claim to make.  You have, by making his claim, accepted the responsibility to find every possibly secular purpose of ID and demostrate with little doubt why it is a sham.  Remember--because you claimed that no such secular purposes exist whatsoever--you must negate each and every possible and potential secular purpose to prove your point.  Good luck.	FAVOR
4616	creation	The problem with your argument is that it simply depends on a certain kind of fossil not being found, and you have been repeatedly proven wrong over the last 3 or 4 decades when such a fossil is found. Sure, there are may gaps in available data at the moment, but ID proponents are just unwilling to look at the evolutionary pattern underlying the data that we have.	AGAINST
4617	creation	"Nothing ""appeared""- its very simple. A very long time ago, after the creation of the oceans, simple chemical reactions occurred that became more and more complex, and eventually created RNA, which developed into 2 cells. those cells began to multiply, and random mutations occurred, changing them ever so slightly. (Also, cyanobacteria developed, which developed that thin air you were talking about). Millions and millions of years of this evolutionary process, and now we have websites where we can debate about how we started."	AGAINST
4618	creation	"--Eventually, they [the Smithsonian higher-ups] determined that they could not terminate you [Sternberg] for cause and they were not going to make you a Ã’martyrÃ“ by firing you for publishing a paper on ID. They came to the conclusion that you had not violated SI directives and that you could not be denied access for off-duty conduct. This was actually a part of the strategy advocated by the NCSE. (OSC opinion, p. 5)--So how does this compare with --NMNH officials conspired with a special interest group on government time and using government emails to publicly smear Dr. Sternberg; the group was also enlisted to monitor SternbergÃ•s outside activities in order to find a way to dismiss him. In cooperation with the pro-evolution National Center for Science Education (NCSE), Museum officials attempted to publicly smear and discredit Dr. Sternberg with false and defamatory information.--So the NCSE advocated a strategy which opposed dismissing him, contrary to the claims in the report TJ10 quotes from.Should that not set off some warning lights?Ed Brayton did an even more in depth analysis--Now let's look at another set of false accusations in the report, those made against the National Center for Science Education. The report claims:    NMNH officials conspired with a special interest group on government time and using government emails to publicly smear Dr. Sternberg; the group was also enlisted to monitor Sternbergs outside activities in order to find a way to dismiss him. In cooperation with the pro-evolution National Center for Science Education (NCSE), Museum officials attempted to publicly smear and discredit Dr. Sternberg with false and defamatory information.Not only is this claim not supported by the emails in the appendix, it is flatly contradicted by them. The emails that Genie Scott exchanged were full of admonitions to Smithsonian personnel not to do the things they are now accused of conspiring to do. She urged them not to attack his religious views so as not to make him a martyr. Genie repeatedly tells them to focus solely on the questions of impropriety and see whether they can be proven. She also tells them that Sternberg should not be judged on the basis of his religious views or his creationist views, but solely on the basis of his work as a scientist. She says (p. 32):  --  On the other hand, his creationist views should not be the main focus of the criticism. First, if he can do good standard science, that's all we care about. Newton did pretty good science, and had some pretty nutty additional ideas about reality, too. So if he keeps the nut stuff out of his basically descriptive work, that's fine. His science should stand or fall on its own.And in a follow up email she wrote:--    I guess the big question is whether he is a good enough scientist to remain there. If his non-creationist work is good, then I think he deserves the job. If not, and if others are let go under the same circumstances, then let the chips fall where they may. But none of us are after this guy's job. That isn't the point of this exercise, in my opinion.In addition, she urged them to focus not on his views but on the real questions of impropriety surrounding the publishing of the Meyer article and his poor judgment:--    If there are repercussions for von Sternberg from the article, they should be because of his poor judgement in publishing it (your comments about editorial ""fairness"" are well taken). Therefore, this incident should be handled carefully, I believe.Clearly, she is urging great caution and arguing that they should not consider his views at all, but only his professional behavior, in handling the situation. The section of the report dealing with the NCSE, beginning on page 22, in fact contains not a shred of evidence, indeed not even an accusation, in support of the claim that the NCSE had, along with Smithsonian officials, ""attempted to publicly smear and discredit Dr. Sternberg with false and defamatory information.""--Source: Ed Brayton, ""Creating a Martyr: The Sternberg Saga Continues"", Talk Reason website        "	AGAINST
4619	creation	"--Behe--If Ã’scientific meritÃ“ is judged by the correspondence between theory and physical reality, then the theory of intelligent design rates very strongly.--There is no theory of ID, what's so hard to understand here. The concept of ""purposeful arrangement of parts"" is at best a restatement of Paley's argument and fails to recognize scientific explanations. As to the flagellum simulations, let's make sure that it is actually based on the actual pictures rather than a stylized representation. After all, we do not want to pretend that the physical reality looks like a cartoon."	AGAINST
4620	creation	"It is indeed spiritually immature to equate death and decay with evil. Without death, reproduction would not be necessary, and without reproduction, natural selection could not improve a species over time. And without decay, nutrients in once living things could not be returned to the soil to replenish it and enable plants to grow. That's why the depiction of life prior to the Fall of Man, with no animals dying and all of them being vegetarian, is ludicrous. Within a few years, the cycle of life would grind to a halt because the animals would have eaten all the plants and the world would have been in a static state forever. God told the animals and people, even before the Fall, to ""be fruitful and multiply"". That would quickly end once all the plants were eaten.If the gospel message is dependent on the Genesis myths, we are better off without it. Fortunately, no one has to be that narrow minded or irrational. The problem of sin among human beings would remain even if Genesis had never been written.BTW, the Jews, whose ancestors wrote the Bible, do not beleive in Original Sin. So why should we?"	AGAINST
4621	creation	"""Design is recognized in the purposeful arrangement of parts, ""Storms - tornadoes, hurricanes, etc.. - are machines.  They are made up of many necessary, purposefully-arranged parts, they are described explicitly by scientists as engines, they are irreducibly complex, they have countless more molecules than a cell, they are in their own ways as complicated and intricate as a cell, they cannot be replicated in a lab, they have all the hallmarks that Behe claims precludes any natural origin.  But they arise spontaneously all the time.Behe's argument amounts to ""it looks that way to me, thus design"".  This argument fails on so many levels.  The matter of meteorological phenomena is but one example that reveals the weakness of the ID position."	AGAINST
4622	creation	 The evidence that supports evolution is not only significantly abundant but predominately irrefutable.   />   /> Take a minute and think about that statement. Evolution is a scientific theory. Its supported by many highly regarded individuals from the scientific community. Now think about how theories are created. That's right, theories are built on the solid foundation of evidence.	AGAINST
4623	creation	"""First and foremost - how does an animal without an immune system survive to acquire one. ""It does not acquire one... it already has one from it's ancestors.Evolution does not 'recreate' everything from scratch, it builds on previously evolved systems.  As such when an animal 'evolved' the immune system of it's ancestor evolve with it.  Evolution is not a one mutation at a time deal, it involves multiple mutations happening throughout the life form."	AGAINST
4624	creation	All this is hard to understand.  I was once where you are at.  I did not believe any of it.  I found myself wrong on everything.  The truth is not something man has much of in his nature.  What man has not lied once or twice?  The answer is none.There supposedly is scientific evidence for both beliefs......so who do you belief?My logic is there is no good reason to not believe in 6 days as the bible says.	FAVOR
4625	creation	Ã’it's not that cut and dried.. some things were meant to be literal - others.. clearly not.Ã“How can you objectively determine which things are to be taken literally and which are not?Ã’Revelations is an example where clearly symbolism is used. No fundamental christian could discount that symbolism is used alot... and metaphors.. and analogies...and parables.. etc. etc.Ã“Why is Revelations Ã”clearly symbolismÃ• when the parts about burning bushes and massive floods are not?  Many fundamentalists take Revelations as being the literal truth, how do you demonstrate that they are wrong.  More importantly, how can a third party determine which view is correct? Ã’So that leads us to the conclusion that you can't rule out symbolism in any other passage.Ã“Yet there are those who take the entire Bible as the literal truthÃ‰ that there is no symbolism present.  How can the literal and symbolic parts be objectively  verified?Ã’ - so really the question comes down to 'If you feel the Bible was divine in origin.. do you feel 6 day creation was meant literally'. -and really - I assume it was meant literal.. largely based on the reference to 'evening and morning' repeatedly.Ã“And for those who do not find the Bible to be of divine origin?  IÃ•ll grant you that from a Christian perspective it claiming that the Bible is of divine origin is an important part of the Christian faithÃ‰ But the same does not hold for those who are not Christian.Ã’each section has to be interpreted individually for it's given intent... it's simply not an 'all or nothing'.. either literal or metaphor concept.. a full understanding is necessary.Ã“At what objective point is Ã”full understandingÃ• reached?  How can intent be objectively verified?	AGAINST
4626	creation	Let's just cut to the chase: ID does not perform any empirical and statistical verifications, at best they could perform statistical falsifications of a particular scientific hypothesis but even the simplest hypotheses are not easily captured in statistics and thus ID has found that most examples of supposedly 'designed' systems, cannot really be tested using ID methodology.So let's be upfront here about what ID really is: It's the argument that when we do not fully understand how something arose, that our default position should be 'designed' not 'we don't know'. Once we agree on this simple fact, we can see if the Judge's ruling had a solid foundation.First of all, the judge observed that the school board was strongly motivated by religious beliefs and the fact that they believed that ID presented a scientific hypothesis and thus a valid secular purpose, was their downfall when the Judge showed not only how ID is tightly linked to religious motivations (the Wedge) but also that as a science it lacked any content.It is sufficient to point out that ID, which claims that design is that which remains when we cannot explain something using natural processes of regularity or chance, must be either the empty set or the supernatural. I doubt that many ID proponent would argue for the empty set and thus what logically remains, and what is supported by the evidence, ID's 'designer (wink, wink)' is just an evolved concept, just like 'creationist' became 'cdesign proponentist' to 'design proponent'.	AGAINST
4627	creation	In my discussions with Island I have come to the conclusion that I was mistaken in calling Island an ID supporter. However, I also have come to the conclusion that Island's speculations are based largely on a vague concept which lacks a sufficient theoretical foundation allowing one to make predictions. It's more like a calicos cat, many patches that make up the story without a clear common connection, other than that they, in some form or manner, argue against Copernican mediocrity principle. Island's entropic anthropic principle seems to fall into that category of not enough to pass judgement and not enough to make predictions.I'd encourage Island to present his claims in a more accessible and foundational format that would allow one to evaluate his claims beyond the piece meal approach chosen.And of course, if this can evolve fewer namecalling, then we may actually have a discussion on the merits of Islands claims	AGAINST
4628	creation	"quite so well as Christians themselves. I would say Ted Haggard is an excellent case in point.I can't help but laugh that Palin, a young earth creationist, was so eager to ""Drill, baby, Drill"", when the search for oil is so intensely related to a deep understanding of how the earth was really formed, and how long it really takes to create big pockets of oil underground."	AGAINST
4629	creation	Science did not design the functionality, scientists observed the functionality and developed theories on how it function / how that function came about.	AGAINST
4630	creation	"The author seems to thing there is no extra-biblical evidence of a young earth. Couldn't be further from the truth. Here's 14, for starters      What I haven't seen mentioned is the fact that billions of years contradicts the Bible in many different places. It contradicts the concept that creation was Good when Adam and Eve were created. Were they standing on a good earth, or on top of billions of fossils that died violently, or from cancer. We even have fossilized thorns that the Bible is clear did not exist before sin. ""The only assuption (sic) we make in science is that the nature of the universe is consistant (sic) and rational""Which BY DEFINITION excludes supernatural intervention. Which makes science not the search for truth, but the search for how things could have happened on their own without God. "	FAVOR
4631	creation	"""Why are these two questions always independent?""Because   science   as we know it today can only answer one of them.""I would think that any theory of ID that made no attempt to identify and analyze the designer was an incomplete theory.""I would think not, since ID only tries to identify the features of the natural world which are designed... and nothing more. Asking questions about the designer are separate from determining if something was planned or not. ""Also, wouldn't a clear theory on the designer (intentions and methods) be very useful in determining what aspects of the biological world were designed, why they were designed that way, and which were evolved.""Maybe, but those questions can be inferred without knowledge of intentions and methods."	FAVOR
4632	creation	"By the ""logic"" of the anti-IDists, the current theory of evolution is an atheistic theory because Richard Dawkins once stated it allows for one to be an intellectually fulfilled atheist.Just because some or even most IDists are religious does NOT mean that ID is religious. The ONLY way to label Intelligent Design ""religious"" is to change the definition of religion.And BTW, Albert Einstein once said ""Science without religion is lame; religion without science is blind.""Why do the anti-IDists insist on lame science?As for scientific evidence for ID start with the genetic code. The day we observe nature, operating freely, putting together a code is the day that MicroSoft will lay off all their programmers because they are unecessary.And the bottom line is if the anti-ID side actually had some scientific evidence for their position ID would go away."	FAVOR
4633	creation	"oi6b>>""Open your mind and your brains will fall out.""What value brains without mind?sologos>>""There is more than naturalism can engage.""oi6b>>""And that's why it's called ""supernatural"". But there can never be any evidence that the supernatural actually affects reality."" This absolute statement is an  excellent illustration of the mistake some naturalists make. Naturalism believes that by ridding itself of supernatural belief, it thereby becomes neutral, rendering its findings objective. Whenever naturalism goes beyond its methodology, it becomes an ideology, not unlike religion. This statement is a belief. oi6b>>""You wish to change the definition of ""science"" to include the ""metaphysical""? That's silly. The word ""philosophy"" comes to mind, but it's not science.""Science, it appears as many definitions. I like the original meaning, ""knowledge"". The experimental method is merely one of its methodologies. It works well, but it requires further refinements if it is to become a tool to discern ""knowledge"".  sologos>>""get at the core issue of intelligence operative within them both""oi6b>>""Your assertion is not supported by any evidence.""Only in the same sense that there is no evidence to the contrary. Unless of course there is no such thing as intelligence.  sologos>>""God simply allows us""oi6b>>""Your assertion is not supported by any evidence.""Which assertion, God, or God allows. If you don't accept the first I am powerless to change your denial.sologos>>""I would hardly call what the NCSE puts out as neutral in the matter of public relations.""oi6b>>""Of course not - they are on the side of science, not religion.""So non-neutrality is a good thing? oi6b>>""Riiiight. And how can science do more to ""address"" its limitations, than by simply admitting them? Science is ""materialistic"" and perhaps that's a ""limitation"" and science admits it and you wish to change this in some way?""Your first question is a good one. I believe that we are attempting to answer that very challenge, mostly prompted, curiously, by the incursion of naturalism into areas it is not yet honed to address. It's a healthy backlash though.  As to your second question, I believe you meant to say that MN is materialistic.oi6b>>""Nonsense. Science is the process. How do you wish to ""refine"" the process of science?""rScience HAS processes that have continually been in evolution since its inception."	FAVOR
4634	creation	"Open-mindedness toward creationism is important. People should not reject discussion of Creationist theory simply because their belief in science and evolution contradict evolution. That would be closed-minded toward the subject. One must be open to the concept or idea (not just debunk it because the theory states a power called GOD and that's not yet proven by science). Many have had a meta-physical experience in their lives that cannot be explained by the existing science. People take to deep faith in these experiences, and would not accept someone else telling them that their experience was false or an illusion. The same can be considered in the notion of creationism, and that off-hand rejection of it is overly closed-minded to the possibility of valid metaphysical realities unexplained by science and evolution."	FAVOR
4635	creation	and minimize the ad hominems and IDers will listen. Your comments are valid, and describe a valid distinction between systems designed by evolution and by intelligent designers. I'd hate to see your case weakened.	AGAINST
4636	creation	"""In case you didnt see it their was an atheist or two in those foxholes, but not for very long! Hahaha""Sounds like a collection of anecdotal stories made by a biased source... The 'no   atheists   in foxholes' is an aphorism and not a valid argument, as the Military Association of Atheists and Freethinkers will attest.  In 2005 the MAAF held a march in Washington DC... in which one atheist from WWII was quoted as saying Ã”No atheists in foxholes[?], I wasnÃ•t in [just] one, I was in thirty.Ã• "	AGAINST
4637	creation	Is God all powerful? No, because he gave that up when he gave mankind free will.	AGAINST
4638	creation	"The Bible is no more self authenticating then any other irrational fantasy.The whole idea of a creator, and a moment if creation is flawed:""Some foolish men declare that a Creator made the world. The doctrine that the world was created is ill-advised, and should be rejected. If God created the world, where was he before creation?... How could God have made the world without any raw material? If you say He made this first, and then the world, you are faced with an endless regression... Know that the world is uncreated, as time itself is, without beginning and end. And it is based on principles.""Mahapurana by JinasenaEden as a paradise.  Sounds like a maximum security prison with all pervasive surveillance.And, obscenity of obscenities, original sin.  Were Adam & Eve zombies ? since without free will they were not human:""To hold man's nature as his sin is a mockery of nature. To punish him for a crime he committed before he was born is a mockery of justice. To hold him guilty in a matter where no innocence exists is a mockery of reason. To destroy morality, nature, justice and reason by means of a single concept is a feat of evil hardly to be matched."" (Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged)""There must be some way that the human race can rid itself of the scourge of religion."	AGAINST
4639	creation	"The argument he is giving is that the day age theory works better then the 6-day creation. ""A day is a thousand years"" is no more literal then when Jesus said you have to forgive a person 7 times 7. The advantage to the day age creation is not only that it agrees with   science   but that there is no way to explain how the writer of Genesis knew that the plants were created before the sun appeared in the sky."	AGAINST
4640	creation	" Creationism is not scientifically testable. - The creationist account is an explanation that is not based on empirical evidence. It is not, nor claimed to be by those that uphold it, dependent on evidence or consequences that are observable by the senses. The creationist account requires a belief founded on faith and is not a 'working hypothesis' testable using observation or experiment. 'Explanations that cannot be based on empirical evidence are not a part of science' Ã National Academy of Sciences, Science and Creationism [1] Furthermore, all scientific theories are necessarily unproven - thatÃ•s what Ã”theoryÃ• means. A hypothesis is an assumption that is not taken as ""truth"", but as speculation. Evidence is used to test a hypothesis with the goal of demonstrating that it is likely true or unlikely true. If the evidence demonstrates that a hypothesis is likely false, then it is scrapped, and a new hypothesis is formed. This is the strict process of the scientific method. Critics of creation argue that creationism takes the Genesis account (actually there are two Genesis accounts, in Gen 1.1-2.3 and Gen 2.4-3.24) as necessarily true in every particular, and then bends the historical evidence to fit that so-called Ã”hypothesisÃ•. Because creationism attempts to advance an unalterable hypothesis or doctrine, it does not follow the basic principles of science, which stem from doubt, hypothesizing, and re-hypothesizing on to accepted theory. Because creationism fails to follow this basic scientific, theoretical approach, logically it is argued that it should not be called a ""science""."	AGAINST
4641	creation	"The congressional report comes from the similar sources that have denied the existence or problems of global warming as well. Seems that one has to dive a bit deeper before pointing to a politically motivated report as evidence.Look at the emails that were provided and which led to the conclusions and see if you are willing to defend any one of them?See for instance        In particular--4. The accusations, in particular, against the National Center for Science Education - that they conspired with Smithsonian officials to ""publicly smear and discredit"" Sternberg - are not only not supported by the evidence in the appendix, they are completely disproven by the emails contained therein.--                "	AGAINST
4642	creation	 Evolution is true i'm a Christian but i'm not in denial ADAM AND EVE is a load of Sh**  / its probably meant to be symbolic and easy to understand for the people of the day (remember that was over 2000 years ago)	AGAINST
4643	creation	 And what proof do you have for intelligent design?  /   /> Microevolution is indisputable. The evidence is clear.  /> Moving on...  />   /> As for macroevolution, most of you clearly don't fully understand evolution. You wouldn't have a semi-formed liver. You'd have an organ with a similar function that would gradually gain and lose attributes until it turned into a liver.  /> Any of you who are thinking that natural selection doesn't explain it, natural selection isn't all there is to evolution. Genetic drift and mutations also function in, among other things.  /> Also, most scientists no longer believe that we evolved from cavemen or whatever. They evolved from a common source and we took over their lands.  /> The theory of evolution has been refined since Darwin, and is still being refined today.  /> Yes, we did evolve out of animals that evolved out of single celled organisms. We in fact ARE animals.  /> By The Way, exactly how many of you paid attention in life science/ biology class?  />   /> One question to all you people arguing intelligent design that's always confused me: Who created the 'creator'?	AGAINST
4644	creation	The Ayn Rand Center says:- ID claims that design can be inferred merely from observed complexity (Ã’specified complexityÃ“)Ã‘i.e., that complexity is prima facie evidence for design.- But on this premise, any natural being capable of designing the complex features of earthly life would exhibit sufficient complexity to require its own designer.---------------------------------yes.. a scientist who creates life requires a designer. still -- this is really your argument? That's really unimpressive. Or is this just the same old 'who made God' argument' dressed up.as a sidenote - a scientist creating life is not that impressive either.. it's the equivalent of burning a cd and saying 'look... I made music!'	FAVOR
4645	creation	"The Bible is the most published and most wide spread book of all times... which does not mean that it is true... and was also an important part of   education   (in some cases the only source of education) for centuries.  However that does not make it correct, or even overly wise.""If you accept a being created us.. the stars.. and all we see. A being that defined the elements and set in place the physical laws, yet you draw the line at a 6 day creation, well that seems awfully faithless.""And if you don't accept that?  What physical proof can be offered to back up those claims.""Simply put.. if we ever were to confirm a young earth it would push the idea of God to an area where it was probable even from a skeptic's perspective. If that were the case then it would destroy the necessity for faith""So God is deceitful?  Laying false evidence about to ensure that people go wrong?"	AGAINST
4646	creation	As one commenter has already touched on..I'm sure of one thing... I trust the one who made the Geologist... - not the Geologist.Even a skeptic or atheist should be able to admit:  The wisdom of the Bible is quoted more than any other book... even by the secular community.  Is that simply because the authors were 'really good writers'?  It's no accident.. the book is clearly divinely inspired.  So many people are willing to pass off the stories as simply having 'good morals' or some type of poetic worth... I was an atheist at one point and saw the book through such a lens.  Now, with an understanding of God's existence.. I look back at the book and wonder how I could have ever interpreted it this way.If you believe there is a God... then I can't see how you would accept the idea that he is allowing lies to be spread in his name - It may be difficult for you to accept the 6 day story.. but that's understandable.. you are human after all.. and prone to misunderstanding (myself included of course).If you accept a being created us.. the stars.. and all we see.  A being that defined the elements and set in place the physical laws, yet you draw the line at a 6 day creation, well that seems awfully faithless.  As far as a young earth or a old one, there's so much information pouring out from both sides of the argument that I've found myself shifting back and forth.. one moment I believe one side.. and then I read more and switch to the other.  Honestly I haven't made a complete decision and possibly never will.  I'm truly not sure that a 6 day creation is hindered by an old earth anyway.. The lord does work in mysterious ways indeed.  Consider for example Answers in Creation's 'Plausible Deniability' argument:  Simply put.. if we ever were to confirm a young earth it would push the idea of God to an area where it was probable even from a skeptic's perspective.  If that were the case then it would destroy the necessity for faith.  It's obvious God has avoided there being anything which unquestionably points to his existence.. and for good reason.  We must commit to his existence on our own...   science   isn't going to give us that holy grail we are looking for.But no matter which is true - 4.54 billion years or a handful of thousand... this doesn't change the fact that if God said it.. I trust him - not his flawed creation.  If you believe the Bible is only metaphor.. then you obviously believe God had no hand in it.  This means you believe in a God which has allowed his name to be trampled from the dawn of time.  That is a belief I will never subscribe to.	FAVOR
4647	creation	"""It is obvious, isn't it? I hope not to be too snarky, but the Pope finally got around to admitting that Galileo was correct in teaching that the Earth revolved around the sun (get the gravity connection). With the Pope on board, whose going to argue against gravity now?""1. Can you explain what the Copernican principle (Earth around sun) has to do with gravity?2. You haven't answered my question, if Evolution (as Darwin and today's proponents describe it) is as solid a theory as gravity then why don't people who believe in gravity (that should be every sane individual) say that gravitational theory is as established as today's Neo-Darwinian synthesis? 3. If you admit that consensus has been wrong in the past are you open to the possibility that  such a scenario may be possible today?  ""As simple as gravity appears, it holds deep fascination for today's scientists.""Regarding this sentence and the paragraph that followed, let me say that I agree it's still a source of research, investigation, and we will never know everything as is any pillar of scientific enterprise, but I'm still wondering why Neo-Darwinian theory is compared in terms of factual confirmation to gravity but not vice versa. ""How would a PhD in Theology be a failure in biology? Such a silly question. Of what use is it to know how many angels can dance on the head of a pin? Or how hard it would be for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle? There's not much work going on there. Better to know about proteins, enzymes, and how humans are related to bonobos (there is   evolution   in that).""Ivar, you've missed my point. Prior to the comment I'm replying to now, you said in the comment ""Intelligent Design is a Fraud"" the following:""Richards is a PhD? In what, I wonder. He would be an utter failure as a biologist.""Perhaps I'm wrong, but the context I see in this line tells me you know Richards holds a doctorate degree, but you question what it may be because you insist he would be a failure in the biological sciences. My question in the comment that followed was what exactly in the following article it was that led you to conclude he would fail in the life sciences:    Despite your insistence that he would fail as a biologist in your comment on ID being a ""fraud,"" I see little in the article Richards submitted that precludes solely and directly to biology. Care to explain?""Science is not a debate society where persuasion and apologetics matter. Truth always wins.""I agree with the latter of that description of the scientific process, but if you're saying that debate is excluded from it's methodology then I would have to disagree. Dissent and debate are what allow science to progress in the first place, if everyone approached a field of research with the same perspective then we wouldn't be anywhere near as far as we are today. Darwin's theory would've never even gained acceptance for all that matters; people would've used the fact that it was a ""fringe"" view and dismissed on those grounds alone. ""Religion simply is not concerned with the truth of anything.""What does religion have to do with this discussion? Or to the points I originally brought up here:    For most part, I'm not sure what to say about religion or your description of it's reasoning, but if religion is to be defined solely as anything that goes against the truth, then could one argue that views in science that are later falsified (but still held by many) are essentially religion by definition?""Gays should not marry because it says so in the Bible.""I'm still not sure what relevance this has to discussion over ID, but now that you brought it up I would like to say that I don't agree with such a conclusion no matter how many fundamentalists hold it to be truth. ""Right. And we should have multiple wives (simultaneously, and not serially, as now practiced), and they would be men's property. That's the Bible for you, pretty messed up, don't you think?""Still don't see the relevance, but I'm assuming you're referring to a recent Newsweek article in which someone insisted the Bible holds nothing against gay marriage? I was led to my (political) views as a consequentialist, but today I have nothing against gay marriage for both utilitarian and natural rights reasons. Despite my agreement with the Newsweek article's premise, I did not agree with the reasoning behind it. I'm not sure what to say about the historical accuracy of the Bible, and I'm even less certain as to whether or not it is genuinely the word of any all-knowing supernatural being, but it definitely does not condone polygamy in any form I'm aware of:          "	FAVOR
4648	creation	that reply was to allogic... I clearly should have clarified.	FAVOR
4649	creation	--Highlander--PvM seems unaware randomness and design are mutually exclusive concepts.---Pray tell given that I have shown you how ID defines design to be the set theoretic complement of the disjunction regularity-or-chance. Or perhaps I should translate this somewhat technical phrase? Let me attempt to explain. Design is the compliment (mutually exclusive) of regularity-or-chance explanations. Of course, this is wrong in the sense that it may ignore the fact that randomness can in fact be an attribute of a designer and of course, the simplistic statement that randomness and design are mutually exclusive only captures part of the ID argument.By focusing on pure chance, Highlander has shown that he does not understand the ID argument and has highlighted one of the major problems for ID, namely that regularity and chance can explain information and complexity quite well.Until we clarify the terminology, highlander's arguments seem irrelevant at best as they argue a strawman version of reality.When asked for examples, Highlander remains without any, exemplifying once again the scientific vacuity of Intelligent Design. Why, if design depends so strongly on this step, are ID proponents unable to calculate any relevant measure of probability for said supposedly 'designed' systems?That's the $1M dollar question. I would like to buy a vowel, Alex.	AGAINST
4650	creation	If you take a basic Biology course at the high school level (just a reminder: Biology is accepted by almost all religions regarding content)there would be a detailed explanation of how life was created by chemical compounds and reactions. Whether this was an act of God or not is the question.As a warning, you should try to avoid sticking to a book written before iron was used commonly word for word.(If you must know, I am Christian, raised Christian. Don't assume otherwise)	AGAINST
4651	creation	" I am a Christian, and I do believe in evolution because there are quite an amount of amazing proofs for it. Evolution does not contradict the idea of God's creation, since the Bible employs metaphorical descriptions and it is very possible that the ""days"" are not actually days, but million of years."	AGAINST
4652	creation	"I find it immensely amusing when Christians require proof before they'll believe in something. It's even funnier when the scientific, verified, reproducible proof exists, and they still won't believe it because ""it hurts their head"" to think about it."	AGAINST
4653	creation	 To me, there is no proof of a greater hand other than from the word of believers, whose faith is based in belief and not in any form of evidence at all.  Modern faiths may need to adapt themselves to take in the view of the world defined by science and not spiritual magic.  I believe creationism develops a story to teach children how to understand the world.  In earlier times, it was enough to keep adults entertained and bedazzled.  />   /> I think Cancer11 is blinded by their obviously strong beliefs.  There is no proof that any greater being created any aspect of the universe from the tiniest atom to the elephant to the solar system and beyond.   />   /> I don't believe it is 'sense' that some people cannot believe in the all powerful invisible creative source.  Examining the process of creation leads one to a rudimentary understanding of anatomy (a science)and biology (a science).  There is no explanation of how God fits into the mix there, it is simply natural functions that create birth through biology.  />   /> Cancer11's rhetoric is fluffy and without any proof or evidence, it is plainly to me utter faith.  Cancer11 believes that A is A because the Almighty says so.  Whereas science has constantly attempted to explore, examine and answer the questions of the universe by aiming to find proof, systems, patterns and was to name the world.   />   /> It is simply not possible for creationism is to be true. It has more holes than a leaky bucket.	AGAINST
4654	creation	Life consist of nothing but creations. Scientist create medicines such as, anti-biotics, and anti-dotes to fight bacteria and poisons to treat the problem and make you well. Other types of scientists that we wonder why are they getting paid such as (not all agree with me) marine biologist. I believe they study the ocean and sea and all that reside in them. What I'm trying to say is, If man have the ability to create something besides the sun, moon and stars. Who in their right mind would think that it doesnt take time and effort and a little thought into creating these beautiful things you wake up to each day?	FAVOR
4655	creation	--Jim--Finally, I just want to say that it appears to me that statements made against ID and their proponents -- made by others, not you -- regarding ID has been so emotionally charged it makes me feel their judgment is affected. It seems that itÃ•s a very powerful argument to say if something appears designed, it may be because it is designed. Some make the statement it may appear designed but it is not. If that is so, whereÃ•s the proof?--Just look at Darwin who showed how what previously had been seen as requiring design now suddenly did not necessitate design. In other words, while design in the larger sense can never be disproven since we can always propose a designer who used natural law, it can be shown that design is not a requirement or a necessary component.So we see the evidence strongly point to the fact of evolution (change over time, common ancestry) and thus there is strong evidence that suggests that design in these cases is apparent as it can be explained by processes of regularity and chance. However, we can also agree, that a God could very well have designed through these processes of regularity and chance, making design not a necessity but still a logical plausibility. Of course, there are variants which involve a God who created species at every single step and decided to make it appear to have evolved through natural processes of regularity and chance. That of course, requires one to propose motives and means for which we have no evidence.Sure, the arguments surrounding ID are emotionally loaded, mostly because of the strong religious overtones however my major concerns are not with the theological flaws of ID but rather how it is doomed to remain scientifically vacuous.	AGAINST
4656	creation	"""Yes.. he knew all of that -- he knew we would fall... he knew the translations would vary.. all of the above. Keep in mind also that some of what we are discussing is my particular viewpoint of God.. not a Catholic, Protestant... or anything like that perspective -""Well we are not really debating the Catholic or Protestant view on God... we are debating the creation / formation of Terra.  Was it created in 6 days a few thousand years ago or is it older?  What evidence is there that supports both views?If Terra was not created by a materialistic process, but rather by some supernatural agent then how do you prove which one(s) were responsible for it?  If it was an intentional creation then what was the motive behind its creation?You say that God knew that mankind would fall... do you also believe that people suffer for eternity in Hell for that fall?  Is it ethical to create intelligent creatures with the ability to act against your will IF you are going to   torture   them forever once they do?""Most importantly.. this life we live is the blink of an eye compared to eternity - pain and death that we perceive as so terrible.. is truly nothing but a dot on the timeline...""So then how is causing pain and death in that momentary blink worth an eternity of suffering?""And thou shalt not kill... thou shalt not   murder   . right.. you are talking about semantics - we all understand the meaning. ""No, we don't.  Look at the Quakers / Amish... They believe that the commandment is 'Thou Shall not Kill'.  For some even killing in self defense is against God's will... yet a vast number of Christians see it quite differently.  Who is right?""All of us know that disciplining a child is important - spare the rod / spoil the child (which is a paraphrase of the actual verses) is an example of that lesson, which is absolutely true.""Psalms 24:He who spares the rod hates his son, but he who loves him is careful to   discipline   him. There are many who do take it literally.  How can you demonstrate that they are wrong?""Any sentence in the   bible   can be misinterpreted.. and misunderstood - yet, the fact remains that the rule itself is correct.""Then how can you be sure that your interpretation is the correct one?""As far as those who don't believe in the 'Christian' God... this is an endlessly exaggerated perspective""Exaggerated? How so?  How is their view demonstratively inferior to Christian beliefs?  I'm sure that all the Hindi, Taoists, Buddhists, Jainists, Pagans, Shamanists, etc... would disagree that their perspective is somehow exagerated.""Islam uses the bible""Have you ever read the Koran?  It is hardly the Bible.""the jews use the bible""They use the OT as well as a whole host of commentaries such as the Talmud.""among the jews and islamic it's simply they don't feel that Christ was divine""There is a great deal more to their respective theologies then 'Christ isn't divine'!""beyond that they are simply different splinters of Christianity""Judaism is a splinter of Christianity?  The   religion   / ethnic group that was around for centuries before Jesus was born?  The religion / ethnic group that Jesus was a part of is a splinter of the religion that did not start up until after Jesus had died?A more accurate statement would be that Christianity and Islam are splinters off of Judaism.""There has only been one religion that professed divinity in the way that Christianity has..""And how does that, objectively, make Christianity the 'true religion'?""The point is - any line in the Bible or religious concept can be difficult if you come at it without understanding..""How do you, objectively, demonstrate which understanding is the correct one?  How can you be sure that your 'understanding' isn't just your interpretation, containing no objective truth to it?""If I had the inclination to explain each and every one to you...""How about explaining the passages where it is said that a male slave may be kept for 7 years but then must be freed... while a female slave can be kept for the span of her life? "	AGAINST
4657	creation	" I really do not know where to start with this one, at the time of writing this response apparently evolution is incorrect. I quote ""There is no scientist can give strong evidence to support evolution.""  every recognized scientist in existence could give you evidence of evolution by looking at any living thing. The evidence for evolution is all around us, it does however require you to think in different dimensions of time which can be hard to imagine.   />   /> FoxFire makes a great argument for evolution and natural selection. I am an agnostic, but there is no reason you cannot believe in god and evolution, the two are compatible. Its really only the people who take everything in the bible literally, the fundamentalists who cannot find a place for god and evolution."	AGAINST
4658	creation	 Well, as being one of the denoted tie breakers of this debating conversation topic, I would like to point out that Evolution is both a fact and a theory. While on this particular topic, IÃ¢Â€Â™d like to cover the definition of the word Ã¢Â€ÂœtheoryÃ¢Â€Â briefly. The word theory, in the context of science, does not imply uncertainty. By its definition it means Ã¢Â€Âœa coherent group of general propositions used as principles of explanation for a class of phenomenaÃ¢Â€Â. On another topic of discussion, I would like to point out, for those who say that evolution cannot be proven, that nothing in the real world can be proven with absolute certainty (since no one will ever know everything there is to know about anything). However, high degrees of certainty can be reached. In the case of evolution, we have huge amounts of data from diverse fields. The following are some of the phenomena involved.  />   /> All of the information listed below is fact:  />   /> -Life appeared on earth more than two billion years ago;   /> -Life forms have changed and diversified over lifeÃ¢Â€Â™s history;   /> -Species are related via common descent from one or a few common ancestors;   /> -Natural selection is a significant factor affecting how species change.  />   /> Evolution has explained many other facts concerning similar aspects as well (of which I will reference to should I be asked to). The theory of evolution has also proved itself in practice. It has useful applications in epidemiology, pest control, drug discovery, and other areas. Furthermore, if the claim of Ã¢Â€ÂœitÃ¢Â€Â™s only a theoryÃ¢Â€Â were a real objection, creationists would also be issuing disclaimers complaining about the theory of gravity, atomic theory, the germ theory of disease, and the theory of limits (on which calculus is based). The theory of evolution is no less valid than any of the theories given above. So why arenÃ¢Â€Â™t the ones complaining about the Evolutionary Theory also complaining in separate debating topics about why we shouldn't accept the existence of gravity, since itÃ¢Â€Â™s only a theory? Even the theory of gravity still receives serious challenges. Yet the phenomenon of gravity, like evolution, is still a fact.	AGAINST
4659	creation	"Creationism makes a false historical/scientific claim that is detached from the broader precepts of belief in God. The belief that God creates and sustains the world is not the same as the belief that God created the world in seven days a few thousand years ago. The former is a theological position which implies the goodness and sovereignty of God, and his continuing involvement with his creation, not a scientific claim. The latter is an empirically testable claim which has been empirically tested and found to be false. We should not allow schools to teach our children things that are just plain wrong, and known to be wrong. This is distinct from allowing the teaching of religion, which is culturally and historically significant and which involves beliefs which are in principle distinct from science."	AGAINST
4660	creation	"""Anybody that thinks there is currently a ""healthy scientific debate"" over ""Intelligent Design"" has missed the history of the last 150 years. It has been known scientifically and popularly since Charles Darwin's day that   evolution   truly happened, as surely as gravity.""So why aren't physicists saying gravity is as well established as the theory of evolution?""Only the fools remain to discuss their contrived alternatives. Richards is a PhD? In what, I wonder. He would be an utter failure as a biologist.""Judging by the article he submitted you say he would be a failure as a biologist? How so?"	FAVOR
4661	creation	"It is also possible to ""detect design"" by reading what other experts say about so-called ""experts.""  For instance, while it is true to say that Michael Behe is a professor in the Biology Department at Lehigh University, it is also true that: ""The (Lehigh University Biology) department faculty, then, are unequivocal in their support of evolutionary theory, which has its roots in the seminal work of Charles Darwin and has been supported by findings accumulated over 140 years. The sole dissenter from this position, Prof. Michael Behe, is a well-known proponent of ""intelligent design."" -          Lehigh's entire Biology Department (with one exception) agrees with the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the National Academy of Science, and essentially every other actual science organization in the country that intelligent design creationism is not science.Intelligent design creationism's claim to be ""science"" remains unsupported in the world of actual science.  Intelligent design creationism's continued visible support from fundamentalist Christians provides an illustration of what its actual design really is."	AGAINST
4662	creation	"Agreed, 100 percent!  This is my frustration with people who want to find every possible motive to discredit Creationism, they seem to want everyone to accept their viewpoints without question while they seemingly want to question and discredit anyone who does not see from their points of view.  There are a number of people within the scientific community who say that the Biblical account of Creation can be verified, regardless of how many days it took to be accomplished.  I believe in the 6-day Creation because our Heavenly Father is a perfect Being who can speak things into existence, He does not even have to raise a finger.  Man did not exist for millions and billions of years, but the heavens and the Earth were around that long.  As Scripture says, God is not man and His ways are not our ways.  It is fruitless and futile, in my opinion, for us, such plain and frail mortal beings, to analyze supernatural events that are way beyond human thought and rationalize a supernatural Being into such minuscule humanity, a God who is bigger and more powerful than the Solar System and Milky Way that He created.  ""Vanity,"" says the preacher in Ecclesiastes, ""Everything is vanity.""          "	FAVOR
4663	creation	I was using your rhetorical question to attempt to get a discussion going. Seems ID proponents have mostly abandoned this thread :-)	AGAINST
4664	creation	"""ID is ridiculously and obviously not   science   . (Hint: we've been here before.)""Indeed, you've spent a lot of time saying ID is not science. But talk is cheap, give me a definition of science, explain why science must follow that definition, then explain what characteristics ID has (and why) that exclude it from that criteria. "	FAVOR
4665	creation	Or that evolution is a process involving randomness and natural selection. Has that been tested?--For the purposes of this post, I am going to assume that you are not challenging randomness in the statistical sense.In the most strict sense, evolution is the change of allele frequencies in a population over time.  Natural selection is the scientific principle that favorable inherited traits (alleles) become more common in populations over time.  I have only been skimming these posts, so I am not certain how much of Darwinian biology you agree with, such as basic population genetics principles or biochemistry.  Assuming you do agree with most of it and are solely arguing about the ontological facets of it, then above question is quickly answered.  If you have a neutral trait (i.e. one with no demonstrable effect upon evolutionary fitness) then the frequency of alleles in a population will fluctuate in a random manner.  Now, using this as a baseline, testing natural selection is quite simple.  Say the aforementioned alleles exists a population of yeast cells.  These alleles all currently code for proteins that do nothing.  These proteins catalyze no reactions, they provide no structural support, they merely exist and the cells transcriptional and translation machinery pumps out a useless protein.  Now, a point mutation arises in one of the alleles and the protein encoded by that allele can now digest a certain disaccharide which we will call A.  Prior to this there was no other allele at any location on any other chromosome in any of the yeast cells in the population that coded for an enzyme which could catalyze A.  At this point you could test natural selection (that favorable inherited traits become more common over time) by observing the change in allele frequencies after the yeast cells are plated upon a culture where A is the only type of molecule available for cellular energy.  Following plating, measure the change in allele frequencies.  If the frequencies change so that the A-digesting protein/allele is the only remaining allele, then natural selection as a concept clearly seems correct.  Keep repeating until you've made yourself happy that there is no other outcome.	AGAINST
4666	creation	 Can we get one thing straight. Evolution is fact. A theory in science, is an explanation for observations, and you cannot deny that evolution has taken place over the last millions of years. One thing no-one can say for sure is the driving force behind evolution, it could be down to a supreme deity, but evolution is fact, and it is in no way wrong.	AGAINST
4667	creation	"""Whats really illogical is when the study of   science   excludes God because you don't want him to exist.""It is also illogical to include God in the study of Science just because you want him to exist.  Before any deity can be included evidence for the existence of that deity needs to be found.""If your science has no room for God then your science is too small.""How so, and why God as described in the Bible... not say the pantheon described by the Vikings or the Egyptians.""Evolution and billions and billions of years of hit or miss chance to get a finger that flexes and contracts to pick up a penny.""We are not quite at the 'billions and billions' of years point... just as 'hit or miss chance' is not an accurate description of   evolution  ."	AGAINST
4668	creation	Not all this link was identified in my last reply:       /id/1203Hope it works this time. 	FAVOR
4669	creation	"Many people claim that certain writings are the Word of God.The Samaritans believe that their version of Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers and Deuteronomy is the Word of God.Jews believe that the Masoretic text is the written Word of God. Protestant Christians add the 27 books of the New Testament to the Hebrew scriptures and believe that this is the Word of God.Catholics add to this the Apocrypha and believe that this is the Word of God.Orthodox Christians add to this some other material and believe that this is the Word of God.Muslims regard the above scriptures as corrupted and accept the Qur'an as the true Word of God.The prophet Jeremiah said, """"How can you say, 'We are wise, and the law of the LORD is with us? But behold, the lying pen of the scribes has made it into a lie."" (Jeremiah 8:8, English Standard Version).It is impossible to know which, if any, of these contradictory opinions is true. The fact that people believe that they are right proves nothing."	AGAINST
4670	creation	"""The argument always had intuitive plausibility.""And absolutely no scientific plausibility.""it certainly points in the direction of a universe designed for complex life.""I am not familiar with any universes which were not ""designed"" for complex life.  So I don't think that an ""example of one"" really means anything.""If we were to just pick these values at random,""I am not familiar with the process of ""picking these values at random.""  Can you explain to me how to do this and how to create a universe?""indicate that the evidence of fine tuning is a problem""Yes.  We certainly need more examples of other universes in order to better understand just what range of values such constants normally take when universes are created.  Have you made any observations of such values in other universes?""In other words, the places where complex observers like us can exist are the very same places that provide the best overall conditions for observing.""Riiiight.  Here again, it seems that you have failed to provide other examples of worlds where complex observers like us also have the best conditions for observing.  And I have failed to produce counter-examples.  So what?  As usual, an ""example of one"" might, in fact, be just good fortune.  But your ""argument"" is not scientific, it's just your personal opinion.""the most life-friendly region of the galaxy is also the best place to be an astronomer""I am not familiar with any other ""life-friendly"" region of the galaxy where it might or might not be a better place to be an astronomer.  Are you?""Probably none of these pieces of evidence in isolation can force the committed skeptic to admit design; but, taken together, I think they are strong evidence of intelligent design for anyone open to the possibility.""Perhaps that would be someone who has a religious motivation to accept such a ""possibility""?  But no, ""intelligent design"" is not about a god, even if all of its supporters express such theism?"	AGAINST
4671	creation	 This sounds like religious faith speaking... Evolution grows more established literally every day. Just a few weeks ago they found the best transitional fossil yet, a creature with both reptile and amphibian features. Gene studies actually back up every claim darwinism makes and in fact make it easier to track evolutionary change over time.  And quantum physics doesn't affect evolution at all as far as I can tell... Evolution follows the rules of the atomic level, QM the rules of the subatomic level. And while they may be different rules, obviously the 2 systems are linked somehow or we'd all just fly apart.	AGAINST
4672	creation	"Evolution does not neccasarilly contradict intellegent design. God could have created the universe and used evolution as means of creation. atheÃ¡ism: a disbelief in the existence of deity Aithiests believe that there IS NO GOD, not that God is ""nothing"""	FAVOR
4673	creation	Ok whatever dude. Let me also be clear I really don't care what you can or cannot see or want to talk about.ICDESIGN of a genius everywhere I look. If you don't that's your loss man.As I said b4, good luck on your journey and goodbye.	FAVOR
4674	creation	I had always been taught it was the plants. What filtered the atmosphere then  Do you have a reference?	AGAINST
4675	creation	"""Unfortunately for them, they have failed. They have no such ""scientific evidence"".""""Of course. And the so-called ""   intelligent design   "" side has failed.""Wow, just when I thought PvM had a serious lack of substance! Can you give at least some kind of reasoning behind the idea that they not only have no evidence but have failed? "	FAVOR
4676	creation	Island referenced a 2004 article, however science does proceed and indeed--Abstract: We apply the recently defined multipole vector framework to the frequency-specific first-year WMAP sky maps, estimating the low-l multipole coefficients from the high-latitude sky by means of a power equalization filter. While most previous analyses of this type have considered only heavily processed (and foreground-contaminated) full-sky maps, the present approach allows for greater control of residual foregrounds, and therefore potentially also for cosmologically important conclusions. The low-l spherical harmonics coefficients and corresponding multipole vectors are tabulated for easy reference.Using this formalism, we re-assess a set of earlier claims of both cosmological and non-cosmological low-l correlations based on multipole vectors. First, we show that the apparent l=3 and 8 correlation claimed by Copi et al. (2004) is present only in the heavily processed map produced by Tegmark et al. (2003), and must therefore be considered an artifact of that map. Second, the well-known quadrupole-octopole correlation is confirmed at the 99% significance level, and shown to be robust with respect to frequency and sky cut. Previous claims are thus supported by our analysis. Finally, the low-l alignment with respect to the ecliptic claimed by Schwarz et al. (2004) is nominally confirmed in this analysis, but also shown to be very dependent on severe a-posteriori choices. Indeed, we show that given the peculiar quadrupole-octopole arrangement, finding such a strong alignment with the ecliptic is not unusual. --Authors: P. Bielewicz, H. K. Eriksen, A. J. Banday, K. M. Gorski, P. B. LiljeTitle: Multipole vector anomalies in the first-year WMAP data: a cut-sky analysisAstrophys.J. 635 (2005) 750-760Conclusions:--In this paper, we have revisited a set of claims found in the literature regarding the low-? CMB pattern and multipole vectors. We have remedied the most serious outstanding problem connected to these analyses, in that we have used only partial sky data to estimate the multipole vectors. This allowed us to study the frequency-speciÃžc WMAP sky maps individually, while imposing different sky cuts to study regional dependence. Using these methods, the multipole vector approach may Ãžnally be used for cosmological analysis. Three claims were studied in depth. First, Copi et al. (2004) found a set of strong correlations among the ? = 2, . . . , 8 multipoles using the multipole vector formalism. Unfortunately, they only had access to two full-sky maps (the WILC and TOH sky maps), which are known to be contaminated by galactic foregrounds. While we reproduced their results for these two maps, we also found that the anomaly is not present in the best available frequency-speciÃžc CMB maps. Therefore, as far as the low-? correlations are statistically signiÃžcant, they must be considered an artifact of the TOH and WILC sky maps, and not of the WMAP data as a whole. Second, we revisited the much more established anomaly Ãžrst reported by de Oliveira-Costa et al. (2004); the strong alignment between the quadrupole and octopole moments. Our results conÃžrm previous conclusions: The effect is signiÃžcant at the 98-99% conÃždence level, and independent of frequency and sky cut. It appears to be quite robust. Finally, we also considered the claims made by Schwarz et al. (2004), that the low-? CMB Ãželd could be of solar system origin. This claim was based on the observation that the ? = 2 and 3 multipole cross-product vectors align with the ecliptic north-south axis, and, indeed, that they point towards the vernal equinox. While the nominal signiÃžcance of these results are conÃžrmed in this paper, we also found that it is not at all unusual to observe such a strong alignment with one of the three major axes (ecliptic, galactic or super-galactic), given the peculiar internal arrangements of the quadrupole and octopole. Thus, it is not the ecliptic correlation per se that is anomalous, but rather the quadrupole-octopole alignment. Whether this latter feature is caused by cosmological or non-cosmological physics is not yet clear, but solar-system physics does not appear to provide the most plausible explanation. ---Cheers	AGAINST
4677	creation	 The evolution that I believe in is not the kind you think.  I am a Christian an the evolution that I believe in is the kind like metamorphosis and things like that not the kind that we evolved from apes and space exploded and created the earth.	FAVOR
4678	creation	I think you have some misconceptions about what evolution actually is. Nothing ever changes into something completely different...that's impossible. Every generation is the same species as the previous generation, but with some added mutations orginally these mutations occur to the point where the end species cannot mate with the original, and that is where biologists arbitrarily draw the line as to a different species. In this sense we have seen many many examples of evolution.In addition, we really do see new species of bacteria, and no it wouldn't take millions of years for them to evolve into a new species. It might take a long time for them to be mostly unrecognizeable from their parent species but dissimilarity to an ancester species is not a requirement to the observation of evolution.In addition you claim that you would only except that scientists have observed evolution if they saw something without wings evolve into something with wings. Now obviously this is virtually impossible because the chances of parralel evolution of an exact same feature are virtually none, however I'm pretty sure you were being fecicious. Would you instead settle for the evolution of a mechanism in an organism that could didn't exist previously?I present for your consideration nylon-eating bacteria. Nylon obviously wasn't invented until 1935 and therefore this mechanism could not possibly have existed before this time.So there, it's not feathers but it is evolution.	AGAINST
4679	creation	"""You lost the case -- get over it.""- So does this mean gay rights groups should just accept Proposition 8?""So who is this ""Designer""? (Don't say space aliens or time travelers -- you only make yourself look foolish with such claims.)""- I think anti-IDists have done themselves a disservice by stating that God is a better explanation for design than aliens or time travelers.  If ID is ever adopted by the majority of scientists, history will make anti-IDists eat their own feet.  Further, Richard Dawkins stated that it is more probable that aliens created life on Earth than God.  I guess the AUSCS thinks Dawkins is a fool."	FAVOR
4680	creation	Funny how being completely wrong about the Earth revolving around the sun can make the Catholic Church a bit 'gun shy' about claiming that   science   is incorrect (without evidence to back it up).	AGAINST
4681	creation	"--Highlander--The exact same is true when modern science reveals an IC structure such as the flagellar motor & assembly. The absence of a plausible natural pathway means the design inference is valid. The appearance of such a pathway would falsify design.--As long as we agree that 'design' is nothing more that the claim that 'science cannot explain a particular feature or system', however then it has little relevance to intelligent design(ers). The IC claim of the flagellum is a good example of flawed reasoning. First of all, it has been shown how at least in principle IC systems can evolve, of course ID is quick to restrict IC to systems which retain their ""original function"" and ""evolved by Darwinian processes"". In other words, IC is basically the much narrower claim that certain systems could not possibly have evolved by Darwinian processes while maintaining their original function.Of course, falsifying this would at best falsify the claim of ignorance, not really the concept of design as it is more commonly understood.Clever trick..."	AGAINST
4682	creation	"""Pretty much, especially if anyone who has publicly known pro-ID views prior to getting tenure is bound to not get it.""If the institution in question does not feel that ID is a valid line of inquiry then I don't see why it would give tenure to people who subscribe to the theory.""If that were true then why (as an example) was Robert J. Marks asked to return grant   money   the moment he started a lab related to ID?""Was he given that money to start and ID lab?  If not then I imagine that his backers would have  been upset when they found that he was using the money given to him for a different purpose.""So all I have to do is show that ID explains the workings of many features of the natural world and they'll be free to do their research?""In a scientifically demonstrable fashion yes.""Name some.""The nature and origin of the designer, the purpose of the design, the current location of the designer, the mechanism by which the designer acted, the process by which design decisions were made and the reasons behind specific design choices.""This gives a good overview:""Talk about how purposes for what what was once though to be junk DNA... followed by arguments about how ID has been misrepresented.... I'm not sure what predictions it's making.""We can detect them once they happen, which is all ID is claiming to be able to do in that respect.""By what mechanism does the designer make these changes?  Why can't we look at past design decisions and then determine an overall pattern from which we can then determine the next design choice?""Probably weren't biologically relevant though (unless agency intervened)""Why did the agency intervene?  Where did that agency originate? How did that agency create life?""Explain how you could have ""life"" that happens to be even simpler than the most basic of cells.""long chains of self replicating proteins?  proto-cells?  "	AGAINST
4683	creation	I understand that Michael Behe is one of the participants on this forum and I am looking forward to his contributions addressing Matzke's observations.	AGAINST
4684	creation	 Evolution is the real deal. We have fossil evidence and DNA to strongly back it up. By using forensics, we can determine what happened in the past without having to physically be there. Like a detective. But there is no need to be threatened by Evolution. The theory does not eliminate God or Gods from the picture.	AGAINST
4685	creation	 God is just an imaginary friend for adults	AGAINST
4686	creation	There are two, and they are fundamentally different. They both seem to be Hebrew adaptions of earlier creation myths. The value of them is not their historical accuracy, but the way they redefine the nature of God. Before, God (gods) were caught in the web of circumstance as surely as man. By taking God as an outside force creating all, the Hebrews set a new tone.The authors of the Bible never imagined themselves to be writing history in the modern sense. They were trying for a more fundamental truth. They wished to illuminate the human condition and its relationship to God. They were artists, not photographers. 	AGAINST
4687	creation	 This is pure ignorance.  Yes evolution is a theory which is more than I can say for any religious pretext for how we have all come to be.   If you actually read scientific papers about evolution they do not claim to be law because it is still a working theory.  Up to this point evolution is the best explanation for how we are here.  You are entitled to your religious beliefs but religion is based on faith and science is based on fact, and the facts are definitely not on your side.	AGAINST
4688	creation	"""The study of science is intriguing but it shouldn't get in the way of ruling out the Creator.""Ruling out any creator(s) is a philosophical question.  There can never been any scientific evidence to ""rule out"" a creator.Creation in six literal days is a scientific question and it is clearly ruled out.""there is so much we do not know.""I assume you are speaking for yourself.  At any rate this does not seem to be a good basis to ""point to a God with intelligence, morality and emotion--similar to ourselves"".  That seems be be quite a non sequitur.  Our ignorance implies a supernatural being similar to ourselves?  I don't think many people would like this ""argument""."	AGAINST
4689	creation	"Schools should not teach theories that are completely at odds with each other. Evolution should be a central part of the science curriculum, because the rest of biology is dependent on it. Understanding how and why different organisms work as they do requires a knowledge of mutation, natural selection and adaptation, which are rejected by creationism. For creationism, the classification of living things based on lines of descent and chronological speciation makes no sense. Furthermore, understanding how evolution works as a theory helps teach students about the nature of scientific method - a matter on which creationists are notoriously shaky."	AGAINST
4690	creation	"JoeWe look at the options. And the anti-ID option is ""it just happened"".--PvMOn the contrary, that's what ID's 'explanation' is ""poof""---That's false. Thank you for demonstrating your dishonesty. BTW you don't have an explanation.---PvM:All textbooks teach that a designer was not ""required"" which is not the same as ""not involved"".----There isn't anything that supports that concept. All our exoperience tells us a designer is required.------PvMSo let's accept the vacuity of ID and move to real science. So what evidence do you have that UCD is not possible through the accumulation of mutations?-----LoL- YOUR position is vacuous. And there isn't any data that shows an accumulation of mutations can do what you say they did.THAT is how science works- by actually demonstrating the premise you hold.---PvMI understand why you want to abandon discussing ID, I would also hate to have to defend it.----I understand why you don't want to discuss your position. It is totally based on faith."	FAVOR
4691	creation	"""but I certainly do believe that nature exhibits intelligence and design, not to mention beauty and love.""But the question is: does intelligent design have scientific merit?If ""nature exhibits intelligence"", what does that mean for science?  Nature picks living things to fill ecological niches?  Survival of the fittest?  90% of all species are now extinct?If ""nature exhibits design"", it is ""apparent design"" or ""real design"".  How can you tell?  If it is ""real design"", what does that mean for science?  Science should not look for natural explanations when there might actually be a supernatural explanation?I don't think ""beauty and love"" have much meaning for science.""Any one of these 4 alone lends credence to a Creator""Now science has certainly left the building.  And I'm not much interested in philosophy as long as you don't try to teach it in science class."	AGAINST
4692	creation	--I take it your also a closet fan of Hugh Ross am I right? ;D--Not really, he tries hard but fails. At least he seems to be more interested in getting the science right IIRC.As to the religious foundations, they were exposed during the trail. See Barbara Forrest, as well as Buell and the various expert witnesses for the defense leading the Judge to rule appropriately about the FTE and the nature of the book.All you have to offer is that the book was misunderstood.As the plaintiffs point out in their response brief to the DI and the FTE--Similarly, the FTE declines to address facts that it is best situated to explain. Numerous documents in evidence reveal FTE to be a religious organization with religious objectives, not a scientific one pursuing scientific aims. P12; P28; P168A; P566; P633; 10:90-92, 96-101 (Forrest). The FTE ignores all this evidence in its amicus brief.In a pre-trial hearing in this case, FTE president Jon Buell attributed religious descriptions of his organization, in legally required public filings he had signed, to mistakes by lawyers and accountants. The Court can decide whether Mr. Buell and the FTE were filing false documents with the federal government and the State of Texas, or whether they were instead misrepresenting themselves to this Court, by disowning the religious agenda stated in those documents. The overwhelming evidence from Mr. BuellÃ•s own writings regarding his and FTEÃ•s Christian, creationist objectives gives the Court ample basis to make that judgment. P12; P28; P168A; P566; P633; 10:90-92,96-101 (Forrest). Either way, the FTEÃ•s submission is entitled to no credence or respect from this Court.This is particularly true of the FTEÃ•s rationalization for the substitution of the phrase Ã’intelligent designÃ“ for Ã’creationÃ“ in versions of Pandas prepared after Edwards. FTE makes the impossibly silly argument that by discarding the words Ã’creationÃ“ and Ã’creationismÃ“ found in early drafts, the FTE expressly rejected creationism. FTE Brief at 17. The only way the drafting history of Pandas could be interpreted as rejecting creationism is if the authors had discarded not just the word, but the explanation of what the word means Ã‘ Ã’various forms of life began abruptly through an intelligent agency with their distinctive features already intact Ã‘ fish with fins and scales, birds with feathers, beaks, and wings, etc.Ã“ The retention of the central creationist concepts using a different term, Ã’intelligent design,Ã“ dictates only one inference: intelligent design equals creationism.If this were not true, surely the FTE would have provided an explanation in its brief for why Pandas was written by two admittedly creationist authors, one of whom was an advocate for creation science in the federal courts, and for why Buell thought that the Edwards ruling on creation science would matter so much to the financial success of Pandas. P350; 10: 102-104, 126-128 (Forrest). But there is no discussion of these facts.--Or Minnich --Q. Sir, is it your understanding that creationism requires an abrupt appearance of life on earth?A. Creationism, you know, scientific creationism, yeah, ex nihilo appearance of life forms.Q. Is this ex nihilo appearance of life forms, is that a theological concept?A. Yes, yes. Out of nothing.Q. Does this statement in Pandas that I just reviewed with you, does this make intelligent design creationism?A. No, I don't think so. I mean, this is a literal interpretation of the fossil record where you see the sudden appearance of these forms, you know, fish with fins, etc. in a geologic record. From my interpretation this isn't ex nihilo, you know, creation from nothing.--ROTFLRuling--Demonstrative charts introduced through Dr. Forrest show parallel arguments relating to the rejection of naturalism, evolutionÃ•s threat to culture and society, Ã’abrupt appearanceÃ“ implying divine creation, the exploitation of the same alleged gaps in the fossil record, the alleged inability of science to explain complex biological information like DNA, as well as the theme that proponents of each version of creationism merely aim to teach a scientific alternative to evolution to show its Ã’strengths and weaknesses,Ã“ and to alert students to a supposed Ã’controversyÃ“ in the scientific community. (10:140-48 (Forrest)). In addition, creationists made the same argument that the complexity of the bacterial flagellum supported creationism as Professors Behe and Minnich now make for ID. (P-853; P-845; 37:155-56 (Minnich)).--And then of all people Fuller, expert witness for the defense!!!--Moreover and as previously stated, there is hardly better evidence of IDÃ•s relationship with creationism than an explicit statement by defense expert Fuller that ID is a form of creationism. (Fuller Dep. at 67, June 21, 2005) (indicated that ID is a modern view of creationism).--	AGAINST
4693	creation	"""In fact, Behe's claim is either tautological or it is wrong.""And to think that you accuse US of promoting a false dichotomy. :/""Tautological because a Darwinian mechanism can never produce 'design' since design is the set theoretic complement of the disjunction regularity or chance, in other words design can never include scientific explanations or the design disappears.""So the only ""scientific"" explanations are ones which refer only to chance, law, or both, but not agency? Care to explain why? ""But perhaps Behe means that Darwinian mechanisms cannot explain what ID proponents have come to conclude were designed.""Pretty sure you can remove ""perhaps"" from that sentence. Behe spent the entire article explaining why he felt this was the case. He also pointed out why the excitement over the Lenski experiment should only be coming from our side. ""That of course is a wrong statement because science not only can explain information and complexity, it can also explain perfectly natural pathways to irreducibly complex systems.""Assuming that you're referring to materialistic science, I'm very eager to hear you explanation for how the first life emerged without resorting to any form of agency whatsoever. ""In a recent change of heart, Behe has attempted, mostly based on overly simplistic arguments that   evolution   cannot explain certain specific aspects which he calls the ""edge of evolution"".""This is not a ""change of heart,"" Behe has been stating for quite some time now that there are certain aspects of living systems which are beyond the reach of chance and necessity. EoE was just a more detailed explanation for where the edge lies based on data from HIV and whatnot. ""Examples include a two site binding site. However, once again, Behe presents an overly simplistic strawman of evolution.""See the above point. This conclusion was not based on a straw man, it was based on existing data from HIV (which has a mutation rate that some would call the evolutionary speed limit), E. coli, Malaria, etc. Doesn't seem to be any straw man there. ""I find it troubling how ID scientists have to ignore scientific data and findings to support their claims and instead seem to resort to careful cherry picking of data and facts that suit their purposes.""I'll drive the point again for the third time: his conclusions where based on existing data widely cited in the field of biology, if you can direct us all to experiments that show HIV, E. coli, Malaria, etc. are capable of more than what the studies he cites suggest, then it would prove he engaged in cherry picking. ""An example is the malaria resistance which Behe argues must have happened in two independent steps without the possibility of intermediates when in fact the opposite is the case as papers in this area have documented.""Just where on earth did he say it had to happen in two steps? I see in the book right now (hardcover) citing data for how often Malaria gains chloroquine resistance, but where'd you get the claim of a two-step change?""Others have similarly shown how Behe's claims are contradicted by the evidence. So far, ID seems to have ignored these evidences.""Please show the visitors of this site just what those papers are. Give us some links at least, then I'll believe you.  "	FAVOR
4694	creation	Seems to me like Dawkins and Weinberg were claiming that there is no evidence FOR design (at least according to Richards).  It, therefore, seems illogical to claim that there exists evidence AGAINST it. I would be interested to know what the evidence against design could be.	AGAINST
4695	creation	 Yes evolution has hard scientific fact and the creationists put all of their faith in a book that is supposed to be the word of god but it was written by people. You see where I'm going here? Blind faith	AGAINST
4696	creation	"Months later and I think we can agree Pandas did not advocate religion. ""And yet ID also claims that historical sciences deal succesfully in detecting design, so in fact purpose or design can, as ID argues, be established using methodological naturalism.""Pretty sure naturalism refers to the whole matter and energy/chance and necessity way of explaining everything. And yes, I agree that design has been successful in the historical sciences. ;) ""So why is ID different?""It's not, at least WE AS ID'ERS don't think so. Do you beg to differ though? ""Because they want to replace or extend MN by something 'supernatural', however since the supernatural lacks as an explanation, they have to confuse the issue by making flawed claims about science rejecting design and purpose at all cost.""How is this the case? Didn't seem like they were trying to extrapolate the supernatural in those early drafts you people keep complaining about. ""And yet, these people were following methodological naturalism,""PvM, if you want to spam several hundred comments onto this discussion then at least take the time to know what you're talking about. Richards was referring to Newton's view that if fine tuning exists, there's probably a fine-tuner. ""It took half a decade or so for LaPlace to correct this flawed 'design inference'.""I've studied the design inference for almost a year now whether through Dembski's works or other ID paraphernalia. How was Newton's flawed view a design inference?""Openmindedness does not mean that one should accept any argument that's more closer to a concept better know as gullibility.""Breathe easy PvM, no one is advocating holocaust denial here. (just make sure Eugenie Scott is aware...) ""Is there evidence for ID in nature.""May I suggest you ask that question on an article that actually deals with nature and not the whole issue of whether or not it qualifies as science? ""Surely ID does not really tell, all they do is call our ignorance 'design' and then conflate the terminology with how people more commonly interpret this terminology.""Suggesting that design and information does not originate via blind, purposeless material processes sounds less like an argument from ignorance and more like an argument from experience to me. :/""Bait and switch.""What's ID's bait and what does it switch to?""Lacking any foundation that constrains their hypothesis, ID is doomed to scientific irrelevance, and anyone openminded would have to admit this.""Surely any open-minded individual would agree that ID has more then enough hypothetical constraints, otherwise you wouldn't be able to argue the evidence for it was wrong in the first place. ""In fact, several ID proponents have admitted to the lack of a foundation for ID.""Gonna quote-mine Paul Nelson on this one? I'm sure Barbara Forrest will sleep easy at night with that one. ""So it is clear that Jay is wrong to argue that science rejects design a-priori, After all, the Discovery Institute argues that ID must be science because other sciences also infer design.""You're joking, do you want me to find you ID critics who say design is not a part of science (or more specifically biology, physics, etc)?""So, for science to reject ID, it must be because it fails to contribute.""What do you define as contributing?""Not because it is wrong, it is not even that, it's just vacuous.""Should we move beyond the rhetorical sand in the face arguments of ""It's not science, it's religious"" and onto the actual evidence that has been presented in it's favor?""Is   intelligent design   science?""Most definitely yes, otherwise no one could argue it was wrong in the first place. ""Does it matter?""If it didn't then you wouldn't be wasting your time injecting as much commentary on the topic as you already have. ""ID lacks any non trivial scientific contribution,""Even the prediction that a function would exist for a pseudo gene? Any comment on the stuff on Research ID?    ""...other than perhaps making the flawed claim that science and methodological naturalism somehow deny purpose and design or that MN would reject Newton and Keppler.""See the previous points.""Anyone familiar with these people would realize that they did not let their faith distort their science,"" Agreed, instead they used it as their motivation.""although in the case of Newton he did show why a design inference based on ignorance is unreliable.""How what you described of him would even be considered a design inference is beyond me, but I agree that such inferences cannot be formed on the basis of what we don't know. ""We can only thank Newton for his contributions to science while also showing us why ID is doomed to remain scientifically vacuous.""Never mind, I'll just let the explicit irony of that statement speak for itself. "	FAVOR
4697	creation	The bacteria mutated. They did not evolve into a new creature, granted that would take millions of years to witness. But, I agree, mutation would be a driving force behind evolution. However it isn't evolution itself. Mutations happen all the time in nature that never lead to a new evolved state in. Now the article about the lizards is pretty amazing. I had not seen that. I have never said that evolution or adaptation or what ever someone wants to call it does not happen. These lizards may adapt through a from of evolution to acquire what is necessary to survive in a new environment but there is no evidence of them changing into a completely different creature to survive. Still, that is pretty amazing. Now, if they grew feathered wings I'd be convinced.	FAVOR
4698	creation	That argument is using a trick of semantics.  If we document something it is no longer 'supernatural'.. it then becomes 'natural'.   A 'supernatural' agent CAN be documented... evidence of a ghost for example...to say we shouldn't look for 'supernatural' agents is to say we shouldn't look for anything we haven't seen already.  It's like the idea of 'don't talk to strangers'... well if you don't talk to strangers.. how would you ever meet anyone?.. This whole argument is just using flaws in our definitions..   science   looks for 'supernatural' things all the time.. and sometimes we find them.. and they become natural.  'If creating life is not impressive then what in Science is? 'Science is useful... but my point is simply that science is based around documenting what we see in nature.. and then mimicking it -  The dragonfly gave us ideas on how to build a helicopter.... but our helicopters suck in comparison.  Nature is impressive.. man, not as much. (keep in mind I use the word nature.. but of course imply design)	FAVOR
4699	creation	--Having been asked to contribute a discussion of the anthropic principle for a colloquium on cosmology, I would start by recalling that although its original formulation [1] was motivated by a problem of cosmology (DiracÃ•s) and although many of its most interesting subsequent applications (such as the recent evaluation [2] of the dark energy density in the universe) have also been concerned with large scale global effects, the principle for which I introduced the term Ã’anthropicÃ“ is not intrinsically cosmological, but just as relevant on small local scales as at a global level. --its original formulation was motivated by a problem of cosmology...--CarterThis presentation will not attempt to deal with the confusion that has arisen from such dissident interpretations, but will be concerned only with developments of my originally intended meaning, which I shall attempt to explain in the next section. --then--Although frequently relevant to purely local applications, the anthropic principle was originally formulated in a cosmological context as a reasonable compromise two successively fashionable extremes. The Ãžrst of these was what might be described as the autocentric principle, which underlay the pre Copernican dogma to the effect that as terrestrial observers we occupy a privileged position at the center of the universe. The opposite extreme was the more recent precept describable as the cosmological ubiquity principle, but commonly referred to just as the cosmological principle, which would haveit that the Universe is much the same everywhere, having no priviledged center, and that our own neighbourhood can be considered as a typical random sample. --	AGAINST
4700	creation	The reason for the existence of the second amendment is to prevent religious people from being denied the opportunity to practice their religion.  It is also designed to prevent people from being forced to practice a religion.  These are worthy reasons for the second amendment.  However, not a single person will be prevented from practicing or will be forced to practice a religion if ID is taught in schools.  Therefore, the reasons for the second amendment are not applicable to the teaching of ID.  There is no scientific evidence that atheist students suffer mental health complications as a result of being exposed to Intelligent Design, nor evidence that their or their parent's ability to vote how they wish will be affected.  There is no scientific evidence whatsoever that harm is caused to anyone after repeated exposure to Intelligent Design.  The hypothesis that people's rights will be violated and/or harm will be caused is not supported in any peer-reviewed journals (and we all know that if it ain't in peer-reviewed journals, then it should not be believed).	FAVOR
4701	creation	yes,it has been proved we live in a SCIENCE-FI world and if we don't believe in SCIENCE it is foolishness	AGAINST
4702	creation	"""Teachers have no freedom to misinform and miseducate students."" There is no proof of either side in this issue. Where is the missing link? Teachers should be teaching both sides and presenting only facts that are able to be proven. We have no proof that evolution really happened as we have no proof that ID never happened. Remember that Darwin was a true racist. Read ""Origin of the species"" He claims that the Irish are the bottom of the evolutionary food chain. I guess teachers have the right to teach the ravings of a racist if it fits their needs."	FAVOR
4703	creation	"--But I think you donÃ•t realize the importance of your concession that Ã’The DI is correct to point out that a lack of merit of ID should not be confused with its religious implications.Ã“ Do you realize that your concession actually refutes many of the criticsÃ• arguments that the implications of ID make it unscientific? For example, see The Ayn Rand InstituteÃ•s posts argue that if ID implies a supernatural creator (at the bottom of a chain of designers), then ID is unscientific.--I am very aware of my 'concession' namely that it is not just the religious motivations of ID which disqualifies ID as having merit as a science, it's the lack of scientific contributions (the examples you mention have little or no relevance to the concept of ID but are at best examples of ""ID proponents can also do real science"") which dooms ID to a lack of merit as a scientific contribution.That ID points to the supernatural is one of the major reasons why it lacks content as such a 'creator' (oops designer) cannot be constrained and thus explains nothing.I am not sure if the NCSE argues that ID is unscientific just because it is religiously motivated. I think that their argument may be better phrased as ""ID's religious motivation helps explain why it has remained scientifically vacuous"". This is after all not really about science.Sure, ID proponents can do real and even good science, but that hardly has any relevance to the issue of whether or not ID has any scientific merit. I hope you understand this major distinction."	AGAINST
4704	creation	"""For example, humans have acquired a number of helpful genetic changes in our battle with the malarial parasite over the past ten thousand years. The most well-known of these is the sickle cell mutation, which unfortunately can also lead to the lethal side effect of sickle cell disease. Other mutations that are helpful in the fight with malaria also degrade or destroy genes, such as globin genes and the genes for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, pyruvate kinase, Duffy antigen, and Band 3 protein.""I wanted to clarify two points in this paragraph, first 'a number' is a little vague Ã thereÃ•s a lot. For example, over 160 G6PD deficiency variants have been categorised worldwide, these are just the common ones people have bothered publishing on. Dozens of other genes have been highlighted in candidate gene and linkage studies.Second, Sickle is famous because of the nasty disease/geographical distribution but there are at other goblin variants that cause fewer symptoms. It is maintained in the population because it is so effective at preventing malaria. Much of the variation linked to malaria susceptibility has more modest effects. Third, some variants modulate function without causing any health problems, for example Duffy negative variant - which prevents expression only on red blood cells, but not other cell types, and causes no health problems. ThatÃ•s more than throwing a spanner into the machine, its targeting a promoter sequence with a rather subtle change.Fourth, some variants altering malaria susceptibility - generate or boost function - variation at the MHC locus, ABO glycosyltransferase or hereditary hypersplenism. It is even possible that selection for surviving the metabolic challenge of severe malaria, has inadvertently selected for the athletic abilities of African populations Ã but thatÃ•s more speculative!."	AGAINST
4705	creation	"Intelligent Design doesn't refute evolution. it simply says that it was ""guided"" or ""started"" by something beyond explanation (at this time).creationism says ""God created man in his image""... nothing like Intelligent Design. Despite its origins, Intelligent Design has become something much more than just ""God did it"". Think of it based on the philosophy of Plato.and, Evolution is not a theory saying God had nothing to do with it. even its origins were not perfect but BECAME something better as we went along with it (like Darwin saying that the cell was very basic). the cell is actually another Universe."	AGAINST
4706	creation	"""If there's something on ""   evolution   news"", it's irrelevant to ""intelligent design"" and/or distorted beyond all scientific recognition.""That sentence alone tells me you either need to get out more, or need to at least read what the blog is actually about. Or maybe I'm asking for too much. Then again, you did take the time to at least read SOME of the article, and you seem to have conceded that it is on the topic of ID.  ""So what?""Seems like you'd rather throw those words out to some of the statements in that article instead of actually refuting them. If biology leads to new design if it is viewed in that context, then ID obviously does encourage new avenues of research. ""No amount of ""sequential evidence"" would ever satisfy a creationist.""While I agree this is true for ID skeptics, I must ask: what do ""creationists"" have to do with this? ""Now that makes good scientific sense - ""chance"" was sufficient.""You do realize that your saying the millions of organized base pairs in the first cell just came out of nowhere right?""Might I suggest that your suggestion is without evidence or merit? It's just unfounded speculation.""Ahem, might I suggest that your suggestion is without evidence or merit? It's just unfounded speculation."	FAVOR
4707	creation	I agree!  One of the main purposes of science is to discover truth or should be anyway.  To decide what that truth is or limit it as to what it can or cannot be before even beginning the search, defeats the purpose.  That is strange.  Why would anyone who is really interested in the truth want to do this? This point is as clear as day to most people and I believe this is why so many people favor open debate on the issue.  Only Darwinists want to censor the debate.If there can be evidence against design, then, certainly, like you said, there can be evidence for design.We need to be open to follow the evidence where ever it leads and not predetermine where it can and cannot lead us.  That is not true science.  This kind of solid logic will resonate with a lot of people and help them see through the rhetoric of the evolutionists.Good points!tj	FAVOR
4708	creation	"--TJ10I agree with you though that Darwinism does not automatically lead a person to atheism. There are a lot of inconsistent Christians around. There are a lot of inconsistent evolutionists around as well. However, if naturalism is true, then it does lead to that conclusion. Since Darwinism is based on naturalism, even if only methodological naturalism, it is a very simple step to atheism from there. Many have taken that step when they started to believe in Darwinism and understood the implications of that view on the Bible and religion. God is no longer ""necessary"" in their eyes.---I agree, there are Christians who believe that the earth must be young, something contradicted by fact. There are Christians who believe other foolishness, but they are still Christians. The more coherent Christians have found to reconcile their faith with what God is showing them. That this means that God does become unnecessary, is what makes Christian faith so powerful. We can all believe in something we consider necessary, but what faith it is when we accept something that is not necessary and yet adds so much to our worldview?Insisting that God reveals Himself in His Creation to scientific scrutiny seems to me as lacking faith. YMMV of course.As to atheism being so compatible with science, which includes evolutionary science, such is the power of atheism that it is not compelled to reject science in favor of their philosophical viewpoints."	AGAINST
4709	creation	Once again we are attempting to split hairs over things that are beyond the frailty of the human brain. Creation as explained in the Scriptures is not a lie, true   science   has already confirmed what Scripture has explained.  I will not split hairs with people over issues that are not worthy of divisive debate, such as the validity of science and the accuracy of the Bible.  We are not God, God does not lie, and some things are better left alone, especially when people are seeking to disprove the existence of God.   	FAVOR
4710	creation	If you're tired of debating Pandas, fine. Explain to me what rules of science ID violates. 	FAVOR
4711	creation	"""Intelligent design works off positive predictions about where experience tells us that   intelligent design   is the cause at work.""Meaningless nonsense, of course.  Name a ""prediction"".""complex (i.e. irreducibly complex) biological structures are unexplained, but rather that they are in principle unexplainable""And that statement has been refuted.  You can't ""prove"" that evolution can't explain ""this"".  Mainly because it can.""If at least some pseudogenes have unsuspected functions,""Of course Behe ignored the original point and changed the subject to something irrelevant.""And if science can't explain it?""If science can't explain it yet, then science will continue to explore alternatives.  ID is merely a useless ""dead end"" to try to allow creationists to claim that evolution might be wrong."	AGAINST
4712	creation	You are confusing MN, with is a methodology with a worldview again... Tsk tsk.Funny how you are repeating the ID talking points without really understanding its flaws. ID is not being censored, but since ID has failed to be scientifically relevant, it still has to earn itself to be heard in the sciences and since our schools have a duty to teach good science, ID would be rejected based on that logic alone, lest you want any and all kind of doubtful science be taught in schools. Worse, in the case of ID is its strong foundation in Christian faith which combined with its failure to be scientifically relevant, has doomed it to remain constitutionally suspect.This is not about honest debates, or brainwashing. But I understand that these form much of the foundation for ID proponent's fear of that which they do not understand. And the confusion created by ID proponents like Johnson, who argued somewhat 'foolishly' that science uses philosophical naturalism, have spread a level of fear that seems to have clouded ID proponents into actually believing not only that science is atheistic, but worse, that ID provides a solution. Perhaps as a theology yes, although it raises some significant questions here too. But as a science ID simply provides no solution.If ID wants to play in the 'sciences' then should it not be held to a standard of scientific relevance? Or is this an 'anything goes' and we will soon be teaching astrology (per Behe) in schools as well, or the other side of the story of the Holocaust? Where does it end?	AGAINST
4713	creation	but they do. Well for a while longer anyway. I think the public schools are going to take the same route as the car dealers and home banking crisis ie bankrupcy. Parents have had enough and I predict a serious decline in public school attendance this next year and a half. Just my home schooling mother thoughts.	FAVOR
4714	creation	I do not 'believe' in science.  I see it as a rational way to understand the world.  I do not believe that if I drop a pencil that it will fall, I just know that according to gravitational theories that if I hold a pencil up then let go that it will be pulled towards the largest concentration of mass (which happens to be the earth).If I did hold up a pencil, let it go, and it did not fall then that would not change my beliefs... I'd just examine the situation to see what was keeping it from acting as expected.  My beliefs do not enter into it.It's the same for the current scientifically accepted theories about the origins of the earth.  I've read through the theories and the evidence, and I agree with the common consensus about the age and creation of the earth.You believe in Biblical Genesis, but I've yet to see any evidence to support it... or to give it more credence then the Egyptian, Native American, or Viking creation stories.You state that everyone lies, but then go on to say that you trust one group of scribes out of all the others.  How does their mathematical system lead to near perfect records?	AGAINST
4715	creation	I think that is what is called a Freudian slip...	AGAINST
4716	creation	"- Features that appear vestigial and functionless actually serve a function (eg., appendix, coccyx)- ""Junk"" DNA does, in fact, have a function.- The alteration of an organism will not always be slow and gradual, or step-by-step.- That which determines the fundamental features of an organism will be logical and ordered (eg. DNA), as opposed to random.- There is no explanation invoking randomness or chance that can explain specified complexity.ID would be falsifiable by testing its predictions.  Some scientists have already claimed that ID has been falsified and adequately refuted, such as Ken Miller.  Some non-scientist evolutionists believe that the ability to produce a mousetrap with fewer parts falsifies   intelligent design  .  Seemingly every evolutionist believes that imperfection falsifies intelligent design.  There is also a paper published in Science (1) that claims that a study by Bridgham and a study by Lenski Ã’solidly refute all parts of the intelligent design argumentÃ“.  Unsurprisingly the very next sentence is contradictory: Ã’Those Ã”alternateÃ• ideas, unlike the hypotheses investigated in these papers, remain thoroughly untested."" (1) Adami, C. (2006). Reducible Complexity. Science, 312 (5770), 61-63."	FAVOR
4717	creation	"""it is only the closest science can come to explaining the origin of human existence and how things developed over time""Yes.  Science courses are taught using the best known science.  And religious myths are not taught in science courses.  So science teaches that the universe is about 14 billion years old.  I think you've got it!""It's best to look at both sides like I have""Or maybe it's better to improve our short lives with science and ignore silly religions.""It would seem crazy that they would just make things up, and die for their beliefs... doesn't it?""Yes, it does seem crazy.  But religions breed fanatics and fanatics ..."	AGAINST
4718	creation	"You have GOT to be kidding me. 6,000 years old?!?!?!? Wow, some people are still stuck in the stone-age I guess. When we've got nothing but huge amounts of evidence to the contrary, and about a dozen different interpretations of Genesis (which, if you do your research, ""yom"" can mean a day or an indeterminate period of time), why do people still believe this? Quite frankly I find it extremely embarrassing that people believe this. We're smarter than that now. Good grief. Now, I'm a Bible believer, however, I read the Bible with a heck of a lot of common sense. You need to use common sense while reading the Bible...if you don't, you get sucked into traps like this, and you'll get sucked into paying money to conmen like Kent Hovind, who conned the IRS out of $800,000 in taxes. What a low-life. "	AGAINST
4719	creation	Is it me or is it you? Only time will tell.	FAVOR
4720	creation	Yes, God is by his nature - supernatural.  That's not an excuse.. It's a core concept.  So just by that nature some things are likely to not be measurable.. or have materialistic explanations.   Including 'where God got the   energy  ' to create the universe.  Although, possibly through   science   there may be a way to measure such a thing.. possibly it relates to dark matter.. and dark energy? But at this point I truly couldn't say.. and considering I'm not 'in the field' - I'd really have to depend on what is presented to us like most people.. and judge from the data.Many things would leave signs... often creationist's view the big bang with mixed feelings.. because in one hand it seems to confirm creation.. but also conflicts.   Even though I believe the big bang theory is flawed.. it does give an example of what I mean by signs.. - Then it comes down to comparing the biblical narrative with our scientific understanding..  To test what agrees..This is why the age of the earth and Genesis have received so much focus - although an old earth doesn't truly rule out the   bible  's authority - it does leave creationists with a genesis which is symbolic.. not literal.. You could still believe in God.. but the weight of the argument would be dramatically lessened.  Though geology feels it's an open and shut case... there are plenty of questions - if the Grand Canyon is the result of millions of years of erosion... where would the land from that erosion end up?  It doesn't appear to be there. - also why is the river that is claimed to have created it so drastically small in comparison... a catastrophic flood doesn't suffer from these types of problems.As far as the miracles of the Bible... including those of the life of Christ - these were necessary at the time for the purposes of that same 'plausible deniability' I spoke of.. it served to build God's case for believers.  I never said that God doesn't do miracles.. for that matter the reason I'm so positive of God's existence is through things which happened in my own life.  Since they are personal experiences they don't have weight with other people.. only for me.  It left nothing physical - no faces of Jesus in pancake batter.. or anything I can point to as an example.. But definitely in some cases in the past as well as currently God reveals himself in a way to some people which leaves no chance of denying..(but oddly enough.. there were those who witnessed these things that still didn't believe)  But generally speaking, parting the red sea.. and things of this nature occurred during biblical times and not now...  These things were deliberately done by God during a time period that proving them would be very difficult... yet there should be signs of them happening if we look.  To summarize.. it was necessary at one point in history for God to make himself more clearly known.. for him to take a more visibly active part in the world.What was known at that time in history is debatable.. like the earth being 'round'.  There were pockets of scholars at the time that had views on these things.. - but it's not as if they had a printing press.  Although really the point of mentioning a round world.. or a mentioning of the world hanging on nothing. (which seems to imply gravity to me... though the line is 'poetic' it is an accurate description.. it truly hangs on nothing)  but anyway.. the point of these lines is more that they do not disagree with science.. creation myths from different civilizations throughout time cannot make that claim - they often do disagree with known science .. matter of fact more often than they agree with it.	FAVOR
4721	creation	I wish my education in biology was better, I'm reluctant to engage creationists on   evolution   because I just don't have the knowledge. But I can tell a good thumping when I see one!You go!	AGAINST
4722	creation	"""It allows some people to ""scientifically"" believe in   god   . Which in turn allows people to see purpose in their life if there is indeed someone above them.""- camdaddy09USWhat ""  science  "" is being used to demonstrate ""god""?  ID by itself has been trying time and time again to disavow any link with any particular religion's deity, so it almost seems like ID is an assumed premise used to breach the logical gap between existence and  .  I fail to see any science involved."	AGAINST
4723	creation	"""So...you're saying Darwin's book ""On the Origins of Man"" actually has nothing to do with...the origins of man...? You're a sharp one. Man, you didn't even have to read the book - just the title.""-LivvyAre you referring to ""The Decent of Man"" which details Darwins studies on the origins of the human species as it evolved from earlier Homids or ""The Origin of the Species"" which put forth the idea that currently observed species are evolved from earlier species by means of natural selection?  Neither of these two works deal with the very beginnings of life... just how life adapts to environmental   stimulus  .""My argument is not that ID explains everything. Or string theory. Or quantum physics. My argument is that Darwinists have no right to stand in the way of other theories that have scientific merit because they want to continue idealizing a concept that's full of holes.""-LivvyHow are they standing in the way?  Is research into ID banned?  ID proponents are free to conduct as much research as they want, their proof has yet to reach the level or proof that Evolution has... and so it the theory of ID has yet to reach popular acceptance.  And doesn't ID have it's own host of holes?  What predictions can be made using the theory of ID?  Can the designers next actions be determined?""How does the nature of time have anything to do with ID? If time isn't linear, then the concept of the ""beginning"" doesn't bear much significance, because then there's a possibility that life has always existed somewhere in the universe.""-LivvySo if life has always existed 'somewhere' in the universe then by what mechanism did it get to Terra?  By what mechanism does it violate relativity to move through time in violation of causality?""I understand that this is a theory, but it has more merit than the idea that life just somehow came into being out of nothing.""-LivvyReally?  Closed timelike curves and the use of energies that transcend the output of the sun makes more sense then a series of chemical reactions?""I could have said that they believe a random catalyst associated complex molecules into organized aggregates and membranes which then converged to produce a primitive cell from which prokayotes derive, but lightning striking goo captures the idea just as well.""-LivvyExcept that that puts for the idea that it was a single moment that transform a lifeless puddle of goop into the first life.  A much more accurate description is that a series of chemical reactions took place in the oceans of the world that led to the   creation   of increasingly complex chemical structures.  This led to the appearance of the very first forms of life... which were vastly simpler then even the most basic of cells.""Instead of telling me what I already know - that ID is just a theory - why don't you actually make an intelligible counter-argument against it? Writing ""Occam's razor"" doesn't cut it.""-LivvyI didn't mention Occam's Razor anywhere else in my post, it was the title... with a ? mark at the end.  Intelligible counter-arguments...1) What predictions has ID made and have they so far proven true?2) What is the nature of the Designer?3) What is the mechanism that the Designer uses to manipulate life4) What are the intentions / motivations of the Designer5) How can the   existence   of the Designer be tested?6) Is ID just a way of pointing at things that have yet to have shown a clear evolutionary path and claiming that that is ID?  7) Is there a demonstrative level of ""Design"" that is constant across all designed elements?""How 'bout this - I'll go ahead and advocate for the progression of science into the 21st century and you can spout 14th century philosophy as an excuse for not knowing what the hell you're talking about.""-LivvyGo right ahead... I look forward to seeing a fully developed theory of Intelligent Design (though I'm not going to hold my breath).  However, Evolution (which does not deal with the absolute beginings of life) seems to do a good job of describing what we see around us, and can be used to make useful predictions.  When ID reaches that level I'll give it further consideration. "	AGAINST
4724	creation	 Darwin observed species and wrote it down - evidence!	AGAINST
4725	creation	--IDNetThe following statement by the employee of NCSE is the exact form of inference to the best explanation that ID scientists use to demonstrate that there is intelligence behind life. No one would think that it is by undirected chance that all the names on the list are Steve.--No because these are stated requirements. How do we know this? From the available background information.--ID proponents use exactly the same type of scientific statistical methods to prove beyond reasonable doubt that intelligence was involved in the origin of the cosmos and of life.--ID uses no statistical methods at all. If you disagree, show us how these tools and methods were followed to infer design for the bacterial flagellaAnd then there was silence...	AGAINST
4726	creation	You haven't made a point at all..As I've already said.. I believe.  And I understand that God knows every future event before it ever occurs.  Is it some sort of limitation that the Bible has been translated? He knows the end product for one... and secondly - I've compared many versions.. in most cases the difference is negligible.. it's usually nothing but nit-picking over a word and several possible synonyms.  The message remains the same. Some of the translations I wouldn't recommend.. they are in my opinion clearly inferior versions.. but still the point remains that the message is the same..  Are you familiar with the commandment 'Thou Shalt not Kill?'... is there some question about it's proper translation?  How about 'turn the other cheek'... or 'spare the rod, spoil the child'... 'judge not lest ye be judged' or even 'let there be light'.  Is there some controversy over the translation??  No, there isn't... instead it's just a straw man by atheists.Even those words which people bicker over, an example being the word 'day' in genesis, are truly not very relevant.  In Hebrew from what I understand the word translates loosely to 'a time'... so sure, we could argue he made the earth in a day.. or a billion years - but is that important?  For a Christian definitely not..You also have a problem with 'let there be light' coming before the creation of the sun and stars.So you feel that a God which can create the universe somehow can't create light without the Sun?  I'm pretty sure YOU can even create light without the Sun - in many ways even.The problems people have with the Bible are problems with their understanding... 	FAVOR
4727	creation	"""What do Catcher in the Rye, the Mona Lisa, Mount Rushmore, and a love note etched on a sandy beach have in common? They are all signs of design. That is, they all reflect the work of an intelligent agent.""And, of course, we know that these were created by human agents and we have thousands of years of experience with those human agents.  So what?""intelligent agents sometimes leave traces of their activity behind, like fingerprints on evidence.""Like termite mounds or crystals or tree limbs shaped like letters of the alphabet?  Oops, sometimes such things are not the result of ""intelligent agents"" like humans.  So if you cannot be more specific about the nature of your supposed ""intelligent agent"", there is no good reason to suspect that any such thing actually exists.  There are no ""fingerprints"" and there is no ""evidence"".""there are signs of design in nature""Maybe there are signs of APPARENT design in nature.  But there's no evidence that there was a real designer, so the apparent design might just be meaningless as far as ""intelligent design"" is concerned.""Design theorists, like forensic detectives, have developed methods ...""Except that their ""methods"" are not at all like ""forensic detectives"" and their methods don't actually work in practice.  Their ""method"" amounts to ""I don't think anything but design can explain this.""  That's not a ""method"" - that's wishful thinking based on their religious motivation.""... and arguments""which are not worth the electrons being used to display them.""When Michael Behe argues that design is the best explanation for molecular machines like the bacterial flagellum,""Then he is making a big mistake since that is obviously not the best explanation (or even any explanation at all).  Possible paths for the evolution of the flagellum are well known.""you can often tell that something is designed even if you donÃ•t know anything else about the designer""ANYTHING ELSE???  Or not anything at all???  You're just ""blowing smoke"".  This is not any kind of ""theory"".  Same old ""I know design when I see it"" nonsense.""Now weÃ•re dealing with design far beyond the pay grade of your average space alien.""I have to assume that you are an expert on this particular assertion because you are or have met a large variety of space aliens???  Or else you're just continuing to ""make it up as you go along"".""theism seems to have the most explanatory power.""Of course - an omnipotent, omniscient, eternal supernatural agent can make, do, create, cause anything and everything.  So that ""explains"" everything and there's no need for silly science to look for ""naturalistic"" causes and effects.  Wait!  I thought you were claiming that ID was NOT trying to get your god into the public square?""That is why ID can be properly considered in public scientific discussions""Nope.  ID is not a theory and it can never be science and therefore it is properly rejected in scientific discussions.Just what is the ""ID theory""?  If it can easily explain everything, how can it be tested?  Is there any way that it could possibly be found to be wrong?  If everything is design and design explains everything, then it's a completely circular argument.  Did it predict where to find tiktaalik?"	AGAINST
4728	creation	Ã’My answers to your questions are: 1. Why does it matter; NO; and NO. 2. NO.Ã“It is the third Ã”NoÃ• that I find most interesting.  You freely admit that you cannot defend your position without the Bible, but are in a discussion with those who do not believe that the Bible is a valid source in scientific matters.  If a religious source that cannot be supported otherwise is valid to you then what would you say to a Taoist that supports their arguments by relying on their holy texts?Ã’If a man (or woman) says that he loves God and believes in Him as the Center of his life, then he will not have any problem using that book to help him support his viewpoint.Ã“This is all well and good when talking among other   Christians  , but it comes across as Ã”God did itÃ• when talking with those outside of Christiantiy.  If I said that the sun was carried across the sky in ApolloÃ•s chariot what would you say?Ã’By the way, the Vatican was not the only branch of Christianity to select Biblical Books and support a particular viewpoint, some Protestant denominations were also guilty of deciding which Books would remain in the Bible nearly four centuries ago.Ã“So who has the correct collection of books?Ã’As far as evidence to show that the Holy Scriptures are the Word of God, you need look no further than the Bible itself.Ã“If and only if you already accept the Bible as true is this a valid statementÃ‰ it does not follow if you do not already accept the original statement that the Holy Scriptures are the Word of God.Ã’Since God cannot lie, why then, would the Word of God tell lies?Ã“The Flying Spaghetti Monster does not lie, we know this because the book describing the FSM says so and since the FSM does not lie then the book is true.	AGAINST
4729	creation	" In the beginning... Every atheist and evolutionist has a problem with those 3 words.    /   /> Evolution is a religion AGAINST a creator, and their God is ""time"".  />   /> Let there be light over the darkness of ignorance."	FAVOR
4730	creation	--It always has been and always will be impossible to have a design without a designer. Truth doesn't stop being truth just because you don't believe it. Just because something arises spontaneously doesn't disprove a designer--true, but as science has shown, the designer need not always be an intelligent entity and in fact, this confusion about design which lies at the foundation of apparent versus actual design has not been resolved by the eliminative approach chosen by ID. It has nothing to do with a believe in a designer, a perhaps innate, evolved aspect of humans, but all to do with what is scientifically supportable. Needless to say, we do not use ID's approaches to infer design since such an approach would be inherently unreliable.	AGAINST
4731	creation	As you have been told already what Phil says is irrelevant to ID. Or you have to allow what Dawkins says about the theory of evolution.What part of that don't you understand?And it is a fact that if you could support your position with real data ID would go away.You can whine all you want but that will not change that fact.	FAVOR
4732	creation	is often confused for rhetoric.	AGAINST
4733	creation	And I was just the reverse... I believed in nothing for 25 years.. and now I believe wholeheartedly in God.You should never judge a   religion   by it's followers for one -- people are sinful, perverse, bigoted beings and are not the ruler to go by.  No matter what denomination.  Though I do think I find much more animosity spouted by the atheist... and for balance I do usually find more ignorance from christians...not all - just on the average. Yet, that is my point - you should never use them as a guide to what is true.	FAVOR
4734	creation	"""We detect design by looking for the tell-tale signs that an intelligent agent acted. Intelligent agents tend to produce specified complexity when they act.""Riiiight.  Well ""specified complexity"" is a nonsense phrase to confuse the rubes.  And apparently ""tell-tale signs"" are also in the eye of the beholder.""the animation illustrates unseen molecular mechanisms and the ones they trigger, specifically how white blood cells sense and respond to their surroundings and external stimuli.""So what?  This is simply known science.  There is no ""tell-tale sign"" of an ""intelligent agent"".  Not in the eye of this beholder anyway.""Seems like the burden of proof goes both ways.""Nope.  Science is reality.  Reality is science.  If science can explain reality without resorting to a miracle or the supernatural, then science is satisfactory.  If you think science is not satisfactory, then the burden of proof is on you to show that it is not satisfactory.  But if the ""supernatural"" is ""outside science"", then your only chance is to show that there are some observed events (miracles) that cannot be explained by science.  This is an argument from ignorance.  If science cannot (yet?) explain this, then it must be a miracle caused by a supernatural entity.If science can explain it and ID can also explain it, then science is preferred because ID introduces an unnecessary element.  So the burden of proof is on ID to show that the extra element is necessary."	AGAINST
4735	creation	Evolution really is true but as we all know the main reason of how we evolve is because of God our lord. We really doesn't know if what is the specific date God created then World. is it day of the earth? or day of the heaven	AGAINST
4736	creation	 I believe there was some sort of evolution, but the question is what made that evolution take place.  I think some sort of higher being made it take place.	AGAINST
4737	creation	"--JimRemember the question we are addressing is: Does ID have merit? I have explained why I think it does. It is a part of science if science is a search for the truth. If we are walking togehter and you pick up an object and declare it to be an arrow head, I may say it is a stone. We argue about this. If we are anthropologist on a dig, are we doing science?---Actually the question is 'does ID have scientific merit' since I am reluctant to address its much stronger theological claims. Again, the confusion of ID with archaeology is understandable but misleading as it suggests that is is how ID infers design. In fact, as I have shown, science's design inference are not based on ""we don't understand' thus designed. So what kind of design are you interested in? The kind science already successfully detects or the kind that seems to be doomed to remain elusive to science, also known as 'rarefied design' [1][1]See Wilkins and Elsbery The advantages of theft over toil: the design inference and arguing from ignorance. Biology and Philosophy 16 (November):711-724, 2001.We should be careful not to confuse ID's approach and definition of design with how the terminology is more commonly used in science and by laypeople as I believe that this has been cause for significant confusion."	AGAINST
4738	creation	The processes of evolution have been observed. This does not necessarily encompass the theory of a common ancestor, but rather the processes involved to make such a reality.We've documented this. Evolution, strictly speaking, is fact.	FAVOR
4739	creation	"Joe:We look at the options. And the anti-ID option is ""it just happened"". We do have direct observatiuons of agencies designing rotary motors. We have NEVER observed nature, operating freely, even come close.--PvM:No the scientific position is 'we don't know'. ---Then that is what should be on just about every page of a biology textbook- ""We don't know"". Yet instead we find that things ""evolved"" without even knowing whether or not the transformation is even possible.BTW PvM regularity arose by chance in the anti-ID scenario.The laws that govern nature ""just are the way they are"" - Stephen Hawking. IOW once again you don't have an explanation.BTW PvM the scientific answer to UCD is ""we don't know"". So why is it OK for YOU to make an inference- UCD- when we don't know, but it is wrong for IDists to make an infer3ence when it is based on observations, data and experience?"	FAVOR
4740	creation	"No. That's why it is called ""Evolutionary Theory,"" not ""The Law of Evolution."""	FAVOR
4741	creation	"You're right, much if not all of the claims about ""supernatural claims/premises of ID make it invalid"" rest on some faulty views on what supernatural actually means. My main criticism of anyone who tries to disqualify ID from science (because it has the implication that supernatural forces might exist) is that they usually fail to make the distinction between the IMPLICATIONS of a theory and the EVIDENCE for a theory. It wouldn't matter if the force behind design is a supernatural entity because if we make those conclusions based on what we OBSERVE in physics or biological systems then we can safely say it's testable. If we applied the same standard that critics of ID are applying to everything else in science, then we may as well conclude the big bang isn't science (since that has supernatural implications of a first cause).    "	FAVOR
4742	creation	"I'm sorry but this argument of ""design is apparent, not real"" always make me scratch my head in bewilderment.Its like, we see the design with our own eyes but it can't be real because we refuse to believe in a designer. You were right about one thing Arthur Hunt. Storms- tornadoes, hurricanes, etc are machines with engines.It always has been and always will be impossible to have a design without a designer. Truth doesn't stop being truth just because you don't believe it. Just because something arises spontaneously doesn't disprove a designer. "	FAVOR
4743	creation	It has not been proven and i don't think it can be...think about it this way they say humans evolved from apes or whatever right? yet have you ever seen an ape evolve into a human yourself? alot of people debate that what i cannot see i do not believe but i'm almost sure no one has seen an ape evolve into a human we my have similar looks but it doesn't mean we have evolved from apes...yes i believe in god.. and i have never seen him but god makes more sense to me then evolution ever will. show me! a documentary or something when an ape has evolved into a human	FAVOR
4744	creation	None of these promises have much relevance to ID as a concept nor have few if any come to fruition. The proof is in the pudding, the saying goes and ID so far has remained scientifically without content and while it surely makes a lot of promises, it has made little or no progress to actually live up to said promises.As to the 'hostility' towards intelligent design, scientists have come to realize that ID's foundations and its lack of scientific content make it an enemy of reason, as an unconstitutional attempt to introduce a yet to be proven scientific concept into our public schools. As guardians of science, scientists and their organizations have a duty to speak out as to the nature of ID.ID has the right to speak, but that does not mean a right to be heard.	AGAINST
4745	creation	Remember the question we are addressing is:  Does ID have merit?  I have explained why I think it does.  It is a part of science if science is a search for the truth.  If we are walking togehter and you pick up an object and declare it to be an arrow head, I may say it is a stone.  We argue about this.  If we are anthropologist on a dig, are we doing science?	FAVOR
4746	creation	"""Nothing wrong with quoting from a well argued submission by the ACLU.""OK, referring to it is of course permissable, but come on, copying 91% of it.  How do we know the Judge really thought much about the issue himself?  We don't with that kind of antic. This seems like a misuse of the privilege to refer to a brief to me.  If the Judge had done the same thing, copied 91% of a well written brief submitted by an ID group, and ruled for the other side, what do you think you would have complained about?  It goes both ways my friend.  The only reason you don't think this is a problem is because he supports your view, isn't that right?...."	FAVOR
4747	creation	"There is nothing wrong with asking someone to disprove a negative, that is, with asking someone to provide evidence contrary to a claim.  You call it a tactic, I call it reason.I agree that ""if-then"" arguments against God are not required.  Nevertheless, many atheists develop them with great enthusiasm.  If you have a problem with them doing this, then please take up your complaint with them.You are justified for inventing ideas.  This is what philosophy is all about.  We use our imaginations to try to figure stuff out, and we invent explanations or concepts to help us deal with problems.  If the invented idea sounds reasonable to some, but not me, then if I want to persuade people to abandon that idea I will have to use my imagination to invent an idea that conflicts with and/or is better than the idea they have adopted.Here are the two contradictory statements:  1) ""The supernatural cannot be tested.""2) ""If the Judeo-Christian God exists, then there should be no gratuitous evil.  If God is perfect, then the world should be perfect.  If God exists, then no one should be a disbeliever because God would make his existence obvious to everyone, etc, etc.  Therefore, the God hypothesis is false or probably false.""p.s. Atheists are human beings, and as such are passionate about some things.  I don't know why you think they are not emotionally attached to anything.  Perhaps it is because you have never debated with them?"	FAVOR
4748	creation	"ufcarazy> ""Although it is clear that ID has led to some successful predictions""Really?  What predictions has ID made?  And, along those lines, how exactly would ID be falsifiable?  Without valid answers to these two questions, it does not even begin to qualify as   science  ."	AGAINST
4749	creation	--JoeThe design inference reached based on our knowledge of what nature, operating freely can & cannot do, coupled with our knowledge of what designing agencies can do.---We do not know that designing agencies can design a genome or a flagella. There is no inference to best explanation.The design infernence is alo not disallowed, it's just that it cannot compete with the 'we don't know' explanation as it fails to add anything.SImple really	AGAINST
4750	creation	So if God is not all powerful and all knowing then God is fallible?	AGAINST
4751	creation	" Evolution is unobserved; it is an unproven theory - The term evolution can describe a number of things, some of which are directly observable while others are not.  Evolutionists extrapolate evidence for observed evolution to be evidence for unobserved evolution. We have directly observed that random mutations invoke change and that nature sometimes selects for these mutations. Such mutations, however, are the result of the degregation of already existing information, not the development of new information.  The development of new information via random mutation has not been observed. What has been observed is a very low ceiling for the number of mutations that the economy of life will allow before fitness costs become fatal. This is why bacteria have yet to grow arms, despite our direct observation of billions of generations."	FAVOR
4752	creation	"Just curious but what does the types of rock have to with ex nihilo. Evolution also believes the that, ""out of nothing"" came everything.The difference is how can life--mind, will, emotions come from inanament matter? When it is more logical to think, just as a star collapses and creates another star, and we are intelligent, personal beings that must have been created by a greater intelligent,personal being."	FAVOR
4753	creation	"tjWho the designer is has nothing to do with ID theory and everyone knows that.But, let's just say for sake of argument, that there is a Creator. So if there is some kind of intelligence behind earthly life, and again, no one has disproven this as a possibility, then it would seem that the theory of evolution (where everything evolved by random chance with no goal or purpose in mind) would not stand up to the evidence.  Right?  Wouldn't that be the case?tj10--Capitalizing ""Creator"" in the second above paragraph invalidates the first statement. TJ: WRONG!  I was just using that as an example of one possibility.  And you didn't refute that logic.  Since you can't prove there isn't, since you can't prove that the answer to the puzzle of life lies totally within natural means in spite of the undeniable design, specified information in the DNA, and complexities of life, then a rational person would be willing to consider all possibilities.  Of course, a Creator does seems to me to be the most likely answer to who the designer might be, but so what?  What does that matter?  Why does that invalidate ID as science?  It is not a scientific question.  Science cannot answer that subject so that is not a part of Intellectual Design theory.  That is not a subject for science class.  ID is simply about the evidence for design.  If there is a Designer, then it naturally follows that there should be evidence for design.  Atheists donÃ•t like ID simply because of itÃ•s implications.  You may not like those implications, but that does not make it unscientific. ThatÃ•s all I have time to write right now.tj"	FAVOR
4754	creation	quite well, I am sure.You referred to a page which was authored by yourself, which interprets the statements by Carter made in his presentation.I found the original source to be far more useful	AGAINST
4755	creation	Pandasthumb also explored these 'accusations'        Enjoy--We can learn a great deal about the nature of life by com- paring body systems among invertebrate groups and by tracing the patterns of change as we move from one phylum to an- other. As we do so, it is important to keep this concept in mind: Evolution is random and undirected. A common misconception is that evolution has proceeded from one group of organ- isms toward a goal of perfection. This is definitely not true. Organisms are not better or worse than one another Ã they are simply different. And the ways in which organisms carry out their essential life functions are neither more nor less perfect than one another Ã they are merely different methods of accomplishing the tasks necessary for survival.--Context matters as does complete reporting of the facts.	AGAINST
4756	creation	"""I am not welcome at UcD, a site which takes pride in ignorance over arguments. If you are interested in 'continuing the debate' then present your arguments.""The whole point was tor read my comment on that site and give criticisms here. ""If you are interested in 'continuing the debate' then present your arguments.""I guess maybe your blocked from even viewing the uncommon descent website, otherwise you wouldn't make such a request. Here is the comment I intended for you to read:""I would respond to that last comment PvM made and point out that heÃ•s resorting to Socrates logic but IÃ•ll let everyone on UD make up their own minds.Just to ellaborate on Socrates logic:Socrates was mortal, man is mortal, therefore all men are Socrates.Or in a simpler context: Dogs have tails, cats have tails, therefore all cats are dogs.Now the way PvM is using the logic is as follows:Ã’Creationism describes the fossil record with an abrupt appearance of animals with certain features fully intact, Pandas describes the fossil record with an abrupt appearance of animals with certain features fully intact, therefore ID is creationism.Ã“He insists that the religious content is there, I just need to Ã’read between the linesÃ“ in order to find it.Ã’No God you say. Well not in direct words perhaps but all in implication and intention it seems.Ã“-from PvM on opposingviewsNow ainÃ•t thatta b%#$&.(yes Barbara, pun intended :D)I donÃ•t know if I should continue the debate with him or not; is it worth it or can readers notice the flaws in his logic from the start?""Now that I have made it available here, can you give me any criticisms to my argument that you are resorting to Socrates logic to make you case?""1. ID is scientifically vacuous""Right now we're discussing the question of whether or not ID is religious, until we settle that argument I will not move on to another topic, at least not yet.""2. ID's foundation in religious motivations is well established""You keep saying that time and time again, and like most people, refer to the early drafts of Pandas to make your case. Take a quick look at this list:1. The sudden creation of the Universe from nothing.2. Everything created in six 24 hour days (or even metaphorical days).3. The age of the Earth being less then 10,000 years old.4. All the EarthÃ•s geology can be explained by means of a global catastrophic flood.5. Using the bible or some other sacred text to draw inferences, and last but not leastÃ‰6. Specifically having god or a supernatural creator in the role of the designer. Now go find a passage in those early drafts in which one or more of these premises are stated to be a major pillar of ID. Until then I can see no grounds in the idea that the early drafts of Pandas were religious. But if Pandas never was religious then would you care to cite another reason for why ID's religious nature is ""well established?""""Lacking 1, it is clear that ID fails the ""secular motive which is not a sham"" requirement, combined with 2, reduces it to be unconstitutional to be taught in public schools.""Again, I'm not moving onto another argument against ID until you prove to me that it's religious. "	FAVOR
4757	creation	 Evolutionist say we were boiling outer-space for a 84billion years in soup then bang we have earth                               RETARTED                 If evolution is real how come we can't take monkeys with us on airplanes??????????   Supposedly we evolved out of animals???????!!!!!!!!!!	FAVOR
4758	creation	--Highlander--The lack of evidence supporting materialist assumptions complexity is a chance arrangement means the opposite could be true. That many of these systems look designed and that science has not (even remotely) demonstrated a chance pathway to such organization, leaves design as the logical alternative. Until proven otherwise.--Design always has remained a logical possibility however, ID does nothing to actually demonstrate that such a possibility is actuated. In fact, there is plausible and growing evidence that complexity and information increase are inevitable outcomes of evolutionary processes and while science may remain ignorant about the exact origin and evolution of systems, this does not give ANY credibility to the 'design' arguments, lest we define design to be 'that which science does not yet understand'. But then we should be careful not to use 'bait and switch' and conflate terminology to suggest that this kind of 'design' has any relevance to the concept of Design.	AGAINST
4759	creation	"The DI agrees that Ã’Methodological naturalism simply requires that, in trying to explain any particular observation or experimental result, an investigator may not resort to miracles. (14)""  Note the word ""requires"".  This is the fundamental definition of science.The DI claims:""ID is not an appeal to a supernatural cause""but that is not the right question.  The right question is - does ID ALLOW a supernatural cause?  If it does, then it can never be science.""Critics will immediately reply that while ID may not specifically invoke supernatural causation, it leaves open the possibility there was a supernatural creator.  For this reason, they will argue that by permitting supernatural causation, ID may be subject to the Ã’whim of a deityÃ“ and loses the predictability and reliability required by methodological naturalism.""Of course.  And that means it can never be science.  So in the next sentence, the DI waves its hands and asserts that:""This argument is logically flawed.""Hilarious.  Why are they allowed to claim this argument is logically flawed?  The supernatural can never be part of science and ID admits that their ""intelligent cause"" could be supernatural.  Therefore it follows that ID can never be part of science.  If their ""intelligent designer"" swoops into this natural world on a ""whim"" and does something, science could never understand or explain it.  Science would always say ""I don't know why this happened.""  If ID admits that searching for a natural cause to explain some natural effect could be fruitless, then ID should give up that search and remain outside of science.  If ID thinks that there really could be a natural cause that explains their supposed design effect, they should tell their religious supporters and stop taking money from them.So in the next paragraph, let's change the subject:""While it is true that ID permits supernatural causation, the same is true of neo-Darwinism.""Again hilarious.  Fundamentally, science assumes that there will never be a supernatural cause that produces a natural effect.  If this happened, science would be ""baffled"".  Science would say ""I don't know yet.""  Science would continue to look for a natural cause forever.  Science never gives up.  Maybe that Nobel Prize for a new natural law discovery will be found next year.The DI has spent millions of dollars on their campaign of propaganda.  They may claim that they are spending dollars on ""research"".  But is it research to find a natural cause for their supposed natural ""design effect""?  Of course not.  They are forever in a state of ""I don't know"" so that really means ""Let's don't go there.""  So they can never do real scientific research into the question of WHY and HOW this cause produces this effect.  They can never come up with a scientific explanation.  (And that would assume that there is something which actually needs explaining.)And their propaganda continues:""More importantly, the design can be strongly inferred regardless of whether the designer is natural or supernatural.""Baloney.  No evolutionary scientist agrees with that assertion.And then their final statement:""The theory of ID is simply an effort to empirically detect whether the Ã’apparent designÃ“ in nature acknowledged by virtually all biologists is genuine design (the product of an intelligent cause)""A ""theory"" must do more than ""detect"".  A theory must EXPLAIN WHY.  So it is very clear from this admission that there can never be a ""theory of ID"".  A supernatural cause is outside of science and can never be used to explain why something happens in the natural world.So, does ""intelligent design"" have scientific merit?  Of course not."	AGAINST
4760	creation	"--The U.S. Supreme Court held a Kentucky law requiring posting a copy of the TenCommandments on the walls of public classrooms a violation of the EstablishmentClause, because it allegedly included a sham secular purpose in violation of the firstprong of the Lemon test.--Seems that the sham secular purpose determination was in fact relevant after all.--Lemon v Kurtzman--The Court's decision in this case established the ""Lemon test"", which details the requirements for legislation concerning religion. It consists of three prongs:   1. The government's action must have a secular legislative purpose;   2. The government's action must not have the primary effect of either advancing or inhibiting religion;   3. The government's action must not result in an ""excessive government entanglement"" with religion.--Now I understand the article bombing on Crowther's part."	AGAINST
4761	creation	currently   science   feels it's accelerating... and considering the '13.7 billion years' it's been doing so.. I don't anticipate any collapse...  why would it still be accelerating?the Bible mentions a hint -- 11 times even in 5 chapters... God 'stretched' out the heavens.  Funny how the expansion of the universe is biblical.. yet we have only recently discovered it... but of course - presuming we have a creator can't contribute anything to science! right?  How would we know... so few try.	FAVOR
4762	creation	"I believe that the 6-day Creation of the Universe as we know it today has to be taken literally, even though Scripture does say that one day in the eyes of the Heavenly Father is like a thousand years.  The first verse in Gensis says that ""God created the heavens and the earth,"" which means that yes, the Earth has been around for millions of years, a verification of rock samples and other geological data that concludes the Earth has been around for millions of years.  At some point within those millions of years, God decided to transform a lifeless Earth into a life-giving planet while at the same time He was creating time, outer space, the galaxies, stars, our Milky Way and Solar System, the Earth's moon, the presence of evening, day, and night on Earth, and all of the living things to grow and roam on the planet.  As the previous poster had mentioned, the significance of the 7-day week would be useless if we decided not to  interpret literally the Genesis Creation story.  If he did not take 7 literal days to create the Universe as we know it today, then He would have no reason to bless the seventh day and set it apart.   Everything else in Scripture, I believe that we are free to interpret it as we wish.  But if we are dealing with a highly-intelligent Being who can separate the waters of the Atlantic or Pacific Oceans at will, then why would we question or doubt that He could create our mortal Universe in six days flat?     "	FAVOR
4763	creation	"There are some answers in there.Why am I so distrustful of snakes?AIG's got that.What's the biggest I could build a boat without irritating G-d?AIG's got that.How old is the earth?Mmmmmehhhh.See, the 6000 year number is a calculation made by a guy named Usherr. I almost feel bad about criticizing it because it was a massive amount of time, effort and brilliance that the guy put into it. This was a   labor   of love. But we have to at least be consistent. They keep saying ""Scientists could be wrong"". Well...Bishop Usher could be wrong. Very, very wrong."	AGAINST
4764	creation	Read Romans Chapter 1.  There is proof.	FAVOR
4765	creation	the 10 commandments are not the sole source of morality.  The laws of the Chinese, Egyptians, Romans, Greeks, Vedic, Japanese, Incans, and numerous others were developed long before their people ever heard of the 10.  Not teaching the 5 commandments will not make people lawless any more then not teaching them the rules of Buddha.	AGAINST
4766	creation	"Remember Nick Matzke? A few years ago, he outlined based on an extensive study of the scientific literature and homology studies a plausible scenario for the evolution of the bacterial flagellum.The title was ""Evolution in (Brownian) space: a model for the origin of the bacterial flagellum""       In this article, Nick outlined various predictions and now we have received the exciting news that science has found supporting evidence for his predictionsAnother touch down for science.Mark Pallen, one of several experts, has written two articles in which he outlines not only how ID has remained scientifically without content in describing the bacterial flagellum, the hallmark evidence of design according to ID, but also how science has developed a level of knowledge which has removed yet another cloud of ignorance, and thus further dismantling the 'design inference'.      When will ID proponents admit that Behe was wrong and that 'design' has been disproven? Dispatches from the cutting edge of flagellar biology, part 1      Dispatches from the cutting edge of flagellar biology, part 2      --In 2003, Nick Matzke (then at the NCSE and so a couple of years later science adviser to the plaintiffs in the Dover trial) wrote an essay summarising plausible evolutionary scenarios for the origin of the bacterial flagellum. He noted a couple of previous suggestions that the proto-flagellum might have originated from the F-type ATPase. Crucially, he predicted that additional homologies would be found between components of the F-type ATPase and the flagellar protein export apparatus, for example between the b subunit of the ATPase and FliH and between the delta subunit and FliJ. In 2006, I confirmed one of Nick's hunches through homology searches, showing that part of FliH was homologous to the b subunit. However, things turned out slightly different from Nick's predictions in that FliH is actual of a fusion of domains homologous to the b subunit and the delta subunit.Last year Namba's group published the structure of FliI and confirmed the striking homology with the F-type ATPase enzymatic subunits. At that stage in the game, it had become clear that the ATPase was a universal component not just of flagellar export systems but also of non-flagellar type III secretion systems. Also, if it was also clear that if one knocked out the gene for FliI, one abolished flagellar biosynthesis. Thus, just about everyone in the field accepted that FliI was an essential component of the flagellar apparatus and that it energised secretion of proteins through the protein export system. In other words, if there were anything to the idea, put forward by Behe and others in the ID movement, that the flagellum showed ""irreducible complexity"", even experts might have accepted that FliI was one of the ""irreducible"" components!!BUT earlier this year, Minamino and Namba (and independently a team headed by Kelly Hughes in the US) overturned all our assumptions by showing that it was perfectly possible to make flagella without FliI--what you needed to do was knock out FliH at the same time. Somehow or other FliH, which usually interacts with FliI, gums up the export apparatus in the absence of FliI. So, bang goes another pillar of support for the ID argument! In fact, it appears that flagellar protein export is powered not primarily by the ATPase by the proton-motive force. ..He provided a run through of all the work leading up to his recent Nature article on the dispensibility of FliI. I was then very proud to see him cite my paper on the FliH/F-type ATPase homology. But then he provided the final piece in the jigsaw (and Nick Matzke's ears should prick up at this point)!Namba and colleagues have now solved the structure of FliJ, another protein that interacts with FliI and FliH. And what they found was clear evidence of homology with yet another protein from the F-type ATPase--the gamma subunit!--So in other words, science supported two predictions by Nick Matzke and showed how Flil was not an essential part of flagellar function, even though knocking it out would prevent the flagellum from forming, when in addition to Flil also FliH was knocked out, the flagellum formed.What a day in history"	AGAINST
4767	creation	Read Genesis Chapter 1.  It explains the whole thing.  There is no such thing as evolution it's a myth.	FAVOR
4768	creation	"If you are going to comment on something in   science  , you need to back it up with actual data. Mere assertions count for NOTHING. And your statement that   evolution   is ""a theory without mechanism"" is simply wrong. The mechanism of evolution is natural selection, which is what Darwin identified. The appendix has a lot of lymphatic tissue which is what you would expect in an organ that no longer has a digestive function but is prone to infection. It's when that tissues fails to function that we get appendicitus. That also shows natural selection in action, as well as its limitations. Indeed, there is plenty of lymphatic tissue and ducts throughout the abdominal region.My point about the vertebrate eyes being wired backwards and therefore being an example of bad design still stands."	AGAINST
4769	creation	You are exactly right - evidence is all around you, mountains of it in fact.Consider the observation of a solar eclipse.   The sun is 91 million miles away (or so), our moon is 238,000 miles (or so) - to spare me the looking up of the exact ratios - can we agree they are VASTLY different in size... yet during a solar eclipse they line up exactly.  What do you feel are the chances?The moon is necessary to our life for a wide number of reasons - light during night time, tidal forces, the affect on the tilt of the earth's axis, and also for measurement of time.Everything in the universe has the same situation.. a conspicuously planned appearance which defies logical explanation by chance.  I've argued about this subject enough that I truly don't have the interest in going further - the evidence is all around you.  You have chosen a materialistic option as the cause... a universe that popped into being by random accident from no known source.. DNA that appeared full of information.. my accident as well.. and the vast varieties of life.. also by accident.When I was an atheist I saw no evidence for God... once I believed - I looked again and realized 'how could I have been so blind... everything is evidence!'To choose to ignore the designed nature of the universe is willful ignorance.  But yes, he is a benevolent God.. because all who seek him will find him if they do so earnestly.	FAVOR
4770	creation	"""It also means that scientists who hold legitimate scientific views deserve to be heard even if their views differ from the consensus.""You claim that these ""scientists"" hold legitimate scientific views - but that is the very topic under contention.  It would seem that you claim that they deserve to be heard and have not been heard - but that is also under dispute.  I assert that they have been heard and their arguments have been refuted and thus they are legitimately ignored until they come up with some actual scientific evidence and arguments.""ID holds merit because the acceptance of ID will not only encourage new avenues of scientific research,""Well, it has not happened in the last 20 years - why should there be the slightest chance that this non-scientific nonsense will ""encourage"" ""new avenues"" of scientific research in the future?  And, if this is the actual goal of ""intelligent design"", why is there such an emphasis on trying to get this nonsense introduced into the public high school classroom?""With about 70 billion stars...""This number seems to be in error by a factor of a trillion or so.  What fool wants credit for this sentence?  :-)"" ... 100 million life forms (at least here on Earth),""So what?  3 billion years of evolution is a loooong time.""... the universe is a stunningly complex place.""Nonsense.  The universe that we can see so far is quite simple.  It's only the evolved life forms on this Earth that appear to be complex.  It is amazing that evolving DNA with only 4 components can produce such a complexity of life, but it obviously has, so there's no need to claim that this is ""stunning"".  And even if it was ""stunning"", that is a meaningless adjective with respect to the discussion of the nonsense that is ""intelligent design""."	AGAINST
4771	creation	Mutation and natural selection are the two driving forces behind evolution. By mutating the flu virus is evolving. There is no difference between the two.Also, you claim that we have never observed organisms evolving: this is completely untrue. In lab experiments evolution is witnessed all the time.For exampleIn addition, scientists have also witnessed the evolution of species in the wild like the Italian wall lizard.This is one of the common misconceptions about evolution. That species evolve is observed fact...that they do so through natural selection is the theory.	AGAINST
4772	creation	OK. Here's the way I think about it.Creationism is most often related to Christianity's form of creation. So, if we taught creationism in school, shouldn't we all have to learn about each religion's form of creationism? That way we keep the divide between church and state. We can't indoctrinate our students one way or the other, and being fair with religious education would mean we spend years talking about each religion's ideas on evolution, creationism, or whatever other ideas are out there. We just can't let there be Evolution and then Christian Creationism. There are others.	AGAINST
4773	creation	"Ken Ham"	FAVOR
4774	creation	"""Have you been to the ICR facility to watch their presentation?""ICR teaches hilarious nonsense.  ICR moved to Texas and then wanted to give a ""master of   science     education  "" degree.  The Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board told them no.  So they have filed a nonsensical 76 page lawsuit.  So a real judge may get to judge their nonsense and pronounce it nonsense."	AGAINST
4775	creation	 Yes there is evidence. Open your eyes and look around you.  /   /> It is right in front of you.	FAVOR
4776	creation	Not only do I think the Young Earth Creationists are wrong in their opinions, I think their teachings should be regarded as blasphemous to God Himself. Those teachings imply that God made the Earth and universe to look billions of years old when they are not, thus making God to be a liar. And so they might as well believe in no God at all. Based on my own experience, I can state that the lies and unsupported claims of Creationism will do far more damage to the faith of Christians than evolution ever will.	AGAINST
4777	creation	"Therefore, evolution has not been scientifically proven. It has been heavily supported by evidence, but this evidence is not substantial enough to ""prove"" this theory. The question is specifically ""Has evolution been scientifically prove[n]?"" and the response, even here, is ""No."" There is no mathematical formula, there is no absolute evidence in its favor. There is reasonable doubt, no matter how little."	FAVOR
4778	creation	"If something can arise spontaneously, then a designer certainly isn't proven--what is proven is that a designer is unnecessary.I firmly believe that you should be able to believe whatever you want about god/religion, but on the other hand, once it's established that a designer is unnecessary, it does not serve anyone to say ""because we don't know this, this, and this, therefore it must mean there was a supernatural force that set it in motion, and we should stop looking for the answer.""Irreducible complexity was shattered a couple of decades ago. Since then, we've answered previously unknown questions about eyes, missing links, plant buds, and all the other gaps. If we had stopped looking, we wouldn't know--and that, I think, is the true danger of Intelligent Design. It not only halts knowledge, it canonizes ignorance."	AGAINST
4779	creation	Why should I waste more than 30 seconds attempting to communicate with an ignoramus?There is a wonderful world wide web out there with a lot of substance.  But that would be asking too much, I'm sure.	AGAINST
4780	creation	"To the 23% currently   voting   ""Yes"", that raises six immediate questions:1) I assume this means the sun was created first (how many days did that take?) to even have a ""day""?2) How long did creating the rest of the universe take? Or, if it took six whole days to create the earth, would the creator have had time to create all the rest, I mean, some of these galaxies are awfully huge and with a lot of intricatekly moving interstellar dust and radiation that had to be started off precesly right to fool modern astronomers?3) Why did the creator go to all this trouble to conceal the evidence behind a massive cover-up of radiological datings, cosmic radiation and, well, essentially the entire findings of geology and astronomy as supported by chemistry and physics?4) Why create all the ""kinds"" of   animals   during these days, and then conceal this astounding fact behind what to evolutionary biologists and paleontologists seem an amazingly consistent set of interlocking facts from genetics, behaviour, morphology, biogeography, extinctions, speciations, fossils records, epidemiology and immunology that fits with life evolving according to rather well understood processes?5) Why were so much of this omitted from the Bible? I mean, a few hints about geology to predict earthquakes, or the germ theory of disease would have been rather handy to thwart the devil's work, and a description of relativity would have been impressive. Why, in fact, conceal everything not already known to the iron-age people of the Middle East who wrote the book?6) Are you serious? "	AGAINST
4781	creation	While that is an interesting question it is hardly a scientific one... and the theory of ID is billed as   science   not philosophy.	AGAINST
4782	creation	Evolution has not been proven. Were you there when evolution was happening? Are there any videos? Records? Pictures? No, there are not. Therefore, there is no concrete proof that directly points to evolution. Believing in evoluition requires an element of faith, because there isn't any concrete proof for it.	FAVOR
4783	creation	 The evidence has it.	AGAINST
4784	creation	No, but i do call into question the nature of your uncertainty.Consider yourself Disputed.	FAVOR
4785	creation	What's there left to do. Island complains, as I had expected, of misrepresentations, when I showed him that three out of his three statements/claims were, let's say, poorly informed. That is indeed to the tragic detriment of science. No wonder that all that is left is a tragic ad hominem argument and name calling.Nuff said.Thanks for the fun ride Island. 	AGAINST
4786	creation	"Yes, everyone evolves, as everyone endures mutations. What you are saying implies that there is a set path planned for the evolution of certain species, which there is not. Mutations are accidents. They can sometimes benefit.Also Neanderthals died out on their own because it was an injurious variation. and what bothers me is that you said ""that is just your opinion,"" because that usually infers that you are saying that person is wrong and you are factual. You are not factual. Saying ""that is just your opinion"" does not make it wrong!"	AGAINST
4787	creation	Everything I say is correct, regardless of logic or evidence that attempts to prove me wrong. And I say the Earth wasn't created in six days.See how that works? That's basically what you said, just with the Bible. Sorry, doesn't work.	AGAINST
4788	creation	"""Because, of course, ID really does not mean anything significant.""That's seriously your response to everything I said before???Well, to dive into my point(s) a little further (at least with the only one you seem to be concerned with), showing verification of common descent in the biological studies does not affect the validity of ID in any way:             (see #2 in ""Questions about Intelligent Design"")         / (part of the faq goes into what common descent means for ID)"	FAVOR
4789	creation	"  This will and is already descending into a debate about the philosophy of science.   The anti ID crowd will insist on a strict materialistic cause and effect definition of science. Falsely assuming creators or a Creator, can not be scientifically known. Meanwhile, hypocritically saying they can know the origins, without adhering to the scientific method.   The anti ID's have stolen science as their private domain, to be used only, to promote their views of the Universe. A view that insist upon a, no Creator (filter). To be put on first, by all scientist. They are entrenched and defending their hold on science, furiously.   This isn't progressive science. It is holding to an old order that only wants to use science to discover advances that serve the status quo. But does not want to discover anything that would threating that status quo.   Real science and scientist should be free from this tyranny. Free to (follow the evidence, where ever it leads, and to what ever conclusions, bringsmore enlightenment.)  Materialist would hold us back in the, present scientific, ""dark ages"". Where mankind is still crawling on hands and knees. Taking two steps backward for every step forward.   Set the scientist free. Embrace ID.  "	FAVOR
4790	creation	"OK, you are right on this point as well.  There is a difference between methodological naturalism and naturalism.  I am still learning here.  However, whether a scientist is a methodological naturalist or a true naturalist really doesn't matter.  When they do their work, they do it assuming naturalism to be true.  In other words, they allow no possibility for supernatural explanations or causes.  This is even more difficult to understand if the person is not a true naturalist. Who says that scientists need to approach science from the perspective of naturalism?  Who made that rule?  Is it valid?  No. Of course not.  Because they are dismissing the possibility of a Designer, or any and all supernatural causes for the effects they study from the beginning.  There is no rational reason why this should be.  I mean think about it.  Why would someone who is not a naturalist assume that worldview only when he does science?  Unless it is possible to prove that God does not exist (which it isnÃ•t), to simply assume that He does not even if it is only in methodology, would be irrational.How the world came to be and the natural forces at work in the universe right now are not necessarily connected.  For instance the forces that make a car and the principles that enable it to work are different. Just because the forces that enable the car to work are natural does not automatically mean that the forces that created it to begin with are natural as well.  This is an arbitrary and illogical conclusion.  To block out all other answers is not rational.I agree with you though that Darwinism does not automatically lead a person to atheism. There are a lot of inconsistent Christians around.  There are a lot of inconsistent evolutionists around as well.  However, if naturalism is true, then it does lead to that conclusion.  Since Darwinism is based on naturalism, even if only methodological naturalism, it is a very simple step to atheism from there.  Many have taken that step when they started to believe in Darwinism and understood the implications of that view on the Bible and religion.  God is no longer ""necessary"" in their eyes. As Oxford evolutionist and antitheist Richard Dawkins claimed, it was impossible to be an intellectually fulfilled atheist before Darwin. The implication is that now it has become possible.  Stein should have said that Darwin made it much easier to become an atheist rather than Darwin leads to atheism.  It does not in every case.  He simply overstated the problem.tjtjIn the recent movie, ""Expelled"" the claim is made by Stein that it ""Ã’appears Darwinism does lead to atheism.Ã“As Schloss explains in his 33 page review, this is an important claim and it is wrong--This is a hugely important claim, which is undoubtedly the core issue in the cultural debate over ID. It is the reason the ID movement musters such passionate commitment and why it is, in fact, a Ã’movementÃ“ at all. In the movie, ID proponent Jeffrey Schwartz concludes, Ã’The conflict over the principles of evolution has become a religious war; it is no longer a conflict over science.Ã“ Whether or not the debate was ever primarily over science, the film is correct in identifying it as being a world-view conflict that is largely religious in character. The question we desperately need to address is whether this is a conflict that must be fought, and what is the evidence presented in the movie for going to battle? Does Darwinism Ã’lead to atheismÃ“?--Concluding--And even if Expelled wanted to take a very strong stand on an extreme answer to the questions, that would have been stimulating. But the stand seems to have been taken, without letting in the questions. At least on this question Ã Ã’does evolution lead to atheism?Ã“ - the movie seems to have forgotten the Proverb. I donÃ•t happen to think all ID theorists are intellectual terrorists. But ironically, in failing to distinguish genuine enemies of religion from passionate advocates of evolutionary theory Ã by pitting itself against the evil empire of Darwinism Ã this part of the film seems to confirm the very stereotype it seeks to debunk.--PS the proverb referenced is ""When the banner unfurls, all reason is in the trumpet.Ã“ - Ukrainian Proverb"	FAVOR
4791	creation	 God created the world we did not evolve from monkeys- it's in the good book!!!!!!!!	FAVOR
4792	creation	What I am saying is if we teach laws.5 laws of the land are from the Bible.So you are teaching   religion  . 	FAVOR
4793	creation	" Of course evolution is real, as someone said ""it is fact"" there is no arguing, and i find it really funny that people who agreed with someone on this side in saying evolution does not contradict god have actually put their comments on the for side its ridiculous, you cant deny something that's being proven,,,, and i know this isn't the side for it but, do i believe in god NO! And I'm the only one with any proof, unless you don't count the fact you cant see or hear and then have the excuse ""yeah but i have faith"" as proof  /> and one more things those of you that think we evolved from monkeys, its apes for a start and just because you are not a scientist and emencly intelligent like them and cannot understand the process don't make it any less true, so to some up EVOLUTION IS FACT weather god is real or not, maybe open your mind to the thought that evolution could be the answer to how and not why."	AGAINST
4794	creation	Jumpstart helps us understand the eliminative nature of ID--It is difficult, even improbable to imagine how such a process could happen; without being jump started. --In other words, his lack of imagination or familiarity with science causes him to propose the need for a designer.Ignorance is a powerful foundation for ID causing it to remain scientifically irrelevant.PS: Contrary to his musings, selection and variation are highly plausible, all that is needed is variation, inheritance and a fitness difference. And while science may not have all the answers to origin of life, it has done far more science in this area to resolve this than ID could even dream of.Ah the power of ignorance.	AGAINST
4795	creation	It seems that so far ID has focused on malaria and on the bacterial flagellum which shares homology with the type three secretory system, used by bacteria responsible for the bubonic plague. Seems that the designer has quite an interest in punishing humans. 	AGAINST
4796	creation	Answers, answers, answers!Thanks. That was great. Nomination for the CreateDebate argument award?Anyway, that earned an upvote. Amazing.	AGAINST
4797	creation	"""So would you like to give a better explanation on what current OoL theories exist? This is definitely a subject in origins debate that interests me most.""instead of a 'bolt of lightning hitting a pool of   chemicals   and making a cell pop out' it was most likely a slow process taking place along the ancient shores.  The surf stirring the chemicals providing the   energy   that fueled the early RNA / DNA reactions... over time these reactions became more complex, leading to proto-cellular structures."	AGAINST
4798	creation	"Laurie Goodstein. ""Teaching of Creationism Is Endorsed in New Survey"" August 31, 2005"	FAVOR
4799	creation	"Teaching evolution exclusively is dangerous to science and reason. To exclude a set of ideas a priori is to potentially exclude the truth. Thus, as a matter of principle, science should not be constrained to a single set of ideas.  Creationists argue that both sides should be taught.  Evolutionists, on the other hand, limit the scope of science to a narrow acceptance of just one theory.  Thus, to teach evolution exclusively is to promote limitations on the power of scientific inquiry.  To teach creationism along side evolutionism is to promote open scientific inquiry and critical thought."	FAVOR
4800	creation	Einstein's quotes are not supportive of ID, he was talking about the fabric of the universe, not the means by which species evolve. This is a common shell game played by ID proponents. They setup some premise based on the creation of the universe then draw a conclusion about evolution and hope that no one notices. Evolution and the creation of the universe (or the fabric of the universe) are not the same issue.	AGAINST
4801	creation	While AIG tries to defend Genesis with the weakest possible argument, Answers in Creation explain Genesis I in a way that gives it a literal interpretation that is still in line with   science  .    	AGAINST
4802	creation	"""Meaningless nonsense, of course. Name a ""prediction"".""It's funny because I already named some, provided resources to find them, and yet you seemed to dodge the argument altogether:     (see the three links from the first comment and please respond there)""And that statement has been refuted. You can't ""prove"" that   evolution   can't explain ""this"".""If that were true then you wouldn't be able prove evolution can explain it either. And I'm interesting in what refutations to irreducibility your referring to, feel free to cite Ken Miller or Nick Matzke. I highly doubt you know of anything I haven't heard before. ""Mainly because it can.""Prove it. ""Of course Behe ignored the original point and changed the subject to something irrelevant.""So he brings up pseudogenes in one sentence in a paragraph ABOUT pseudogenes, and you say that's changing the subject??? What was the original point in that case?""If science can't explain it yet, then science will continue to explore alternatives.""Nothing wrong with that. ID is merely a useless ""dead end""...""While Evolution simply declares all problems solved without further notice.""...to try to allow creationists to claim that evolution might be wrong.""Explain how ""creationists"" are relevant to this discussion. "	FAVOR
4803	creation	       college  But dont be sad we are making TREMENDOUS PROGRESS and REALLY MAKING A FANTASTIC DIFFERENCE in the lives of the next generation!	FAVOR
4804	creation	as has already been covered... the different stories of creation are in perfect agreement - you simply are misunderstanding them.  At the risk of repeating what was already said - Genesis 2:1 is the 6th day and the creation of man...it's not the story of creation - it's a focus on that day of creation in particular...  I don't want to be rude.. but I'm quite shocked that people can't read these two passages without thinking they disagree... It shows to me there's no way God COULD write the story without people disagreeing with it...Seriously... can you imagine a version of the Bible being written that some portion of the world wouldn't say 'That's not God's word... he wouldn't say that' .. or some version that no one would claim that there are contradictions?  I sure can't... man is incredibly faulty..  It's been my opinion that when God created the heavens and earth - and the   animals  .. he had a good thing going.  Then he created man... it's been downhill since.	FAVOR
4805	creation	"I have yet to read a single sentence from any ID proponent that provides ""testable predictions about the type of informational properties we expect to find in nature if an intelligent agent were at work in designing a natural object."" Over and over this or similar verbiage is used to defend ID, but ID never produces any predictions. This isn't a theory, this is an untested hypothesis.""Design theorists hypothesize that if a natural object was designed, it will contain high levels of CSI."" Explicitly and accurately defining CSI in such a manner that a specific prediction can be made would be a good first step. For instance, no where do I find in any ID writing anything that I can use to identify CSI. Is CSI DNA? Is CSI morphology? Is CSI hair color or eye color? Is CSI behavior? How would I know CSI when I see it? Since I can't pin down exactly what CSI is, I can't make any predictions about it, or with it.""Scientists employing ID compare observations of how intelligent agents act when they design things to observations of phenomena whose origin is unknown. Human intelligence provides a large empirical dataset for studying the products of the action of intelligent agents.""In the experience of human beings, other human beings are the only creatures we have ever demonstrably seen design anything. (Meaning we can prove that the designed thing was designed)  ID STARTS from a biased position. How often has the design hypothesis, caused by this human bias to detect agents, failed when used to explain natural phenomena? Ask any child in Sunday school what thunder is, and you will hear a failed design hypothesis: ""the angels are bowling.""""Mathematician and philosopher William Dembski observes that ""the principal characteristic of intelligent agency is directed contingency, or what we call choice.""(5) When ""an intelligent agent acts, it chooses from a range of competing possibilities"" to create some complex and specified event. Dembski calls ID ""a theory of information"" where ""information becomes a reliable indicator of design as well as a proper object for scientific investigation."" ID thus seeks to find in nature the types of information which are known to be produced by intelligent agents, and reliably indicate the prior action of intelligence.""What information is 'known to be produced by intelligent agents, and reliably indicate the prior action of intelligence?' Again, define explicitly what CSI is.""Irreducible complexity is a form of specified complexity, which exists in systems composed of ""several interacting parts that contribute to the basic function, and where the removal of any one of the parts causes the system to effectively cease functioning."" Because natural selection only preserves structures that confer a functional advantage to an organism, it is argued that such systems would be unlikely to evolve through a Darwinian process because there exists no evolutionary pathway wherein they could remain functional during each small evolutionary step.""Every time I have read an example of irreducible complexity put forth by ID proponents, it has taken literally seconds for me to do enough research to discover that someone has already either a) performed the scientific research to explain, using evolutionary science, the rise of said example from primitive and simple beginnings to the 'irreducibly complex' structure found in nature, or b) is currently DOING the scientific research, and the initial results look like they will show an evolutionary pathway for said example. ""ID is a historical science, meaning it employs the principle of uniformitarianism, which holds that the present is the key to the past. ID investigations thus begin with observations about how intelligent agents operate and then proceed to convert those observations into positive predictions of what scientists should find in nature if intelligent design was involved in the origin of a given natural object.""Ok, fair enough. What are the 'positive predictions' made by ID?""Specifically, the theory predicts that we will find large amounts of specified complexity in natural objects.""Oh, there they are. ID predicts that complex things are complex. Does ID offer anything MORE specific?""Intelligent design has scientific merit because it is an empirically based argument that uses well-accepted scientific methods of historical sciences in order to detect in nature the types of complexity which we understand, from present-day observations, are derived from intelligent causes.""And it does so without explicit definitions of terms used in it's arguments, specific predictions, experiments that have validated it's predictions, or any other kind of evidence that is useful or relevant when evaluating it's truth claims.When held to the standards of proof required for all other scientific theories, ID fails."	AGAINST
4806	creation	 Two Darwinists spent hours standing at a flag pole trying to find the height of it. Along comes a creationist asks what theyÃ¢Â€Â™re doing .The evolutionist reply weÃ¢Â€Â™re trying to find the height of the pole. The creationist pulls the pin at the bottom of the flag pole brings it to a horizontal position measures it then raise it back to vertical ItÃ¢Â€Â™s  28 feet 6.5 inches he tell them then walk off .One evolutionist looks at the other, how stupid can these creationist be we want to know the height not the length.	FAVOR
4807	creation	--ID explains the genetic code the same way we explain a computer code.--Poof?... And thus, lacking a real response, Joe moves the goalposts back to science to show how it explains the genetic code. Let's thus explore why ID once again remains scientifically vacuous. All it can do is 'it looks designed', 'science cannot explain it'But science has indeed explanations for how the genetic code arose, and although there are still many gaps, science has uncovered many new features to support its hypotheses. Let me know when you have located the compiler. ID once again has been shown to remain unable to propose any competing hypothesis which explains the data better than science.As to ID not being invented to get God into anything, I guess you are calling your own ID proponents to be dishonest? Wow...Sure, appeal to the supernatural is areligious.ROTFL, next time you defend ID in court... Behe and Fuller already were to honest to admit that it is really all about the supernatural.	AGAINST
4808	creation	"The aftermath of evolution has been witnessed but never the actual process itself. Its pretty good evidence but not concrete. With that said I never once stated that I don't believe in evolution personally. You said my understanding of the field is lacking. Well, I am not a scientist but I have researched this on both sides. If I am lacking I am open to learning more about it. But in this case I don't believe you are correct. You're are right about one thing though. There are thousands of fossils showing what look like steps but there is no gradual change. Your examples of a defined developmental line are actually examples of a fragmented developmental line. And there are a ton more you could list. What you are talking about is macro evolution. These are changes within a species but there is no evidence of micro evolution. There should be millions if not billions of transitional phases between species but we have yet to find them. Therefore, I suggest that the fossil record is incomplete. And I was being ironic when I made a comment about evolution being faith based. What I mean is, there is just as little, or as much evidence to support both sides. It always seems to me that Creationists are open to science but science is never open to creation. It comes across as incredibly close-minded. You say that evolution is observed. Well, intelligent design can be observed by the same definition. I even gave an example of it. But all you had to say was ""And if you just knew--simply knew--what you are talking about, you wouldn't have to go to some ridiculous, undefined, designer using undefined terms like ""information"" and talk about chemistry as if it's a computer program."" That isn't debating that is childish arguing which I don't participate in. I am also pretty sure its obvious what I meant by ""information"". And calling what I believe a ""fantasy"" and trying make me look like a fool is also a terrible way to approach a debate. Its just immature and proves that you are close-minded, not to mention it makes you seem incredibly unintelligent. You didn't even try to disprove the argument you just called it, in other words, stupid and left it alone. I typically don't debate with people that are immature. It just doesn't seem fair to them."	FAVOR
4809	creation	"I recall somewhere in genesis when   god   banished and marked cain, some sort of reference to other people being alive other than just the ""first"" family (ie adam,eve,cain, and abel) and that the only reason that he would have marked abel was to protect him, but protect him from whom if they are indeed the only other people? so that logically leads to the assumption that there were other people living along side the ""first family""."	AGAINST
4810	creation	"""I find much more animosity spouted by the atheist... ""The animosity is much higher on the religious side... the people who consider atheists immoral and even criminal."	AGAINST
4811	creation	Your cites are worthless as defenses of your claims Behe & Dembski define ID as an 'absence of science'  What pages?  What words?Do you really think that's a clever proof of anything?  You are not being very honest here, PvM.	FAVOR
4812	creation	actully, uncomplext compunds bonded to geather to create chemicals and very very uncomplect cell fragments that then banded to geather with otherthings for survival and formed the first very simple cells that then became more complext. (also, we have proof of human civilization that started with writings and buildings and history and bones before the bible says it all just happened)	AGAINST
4813	creation	 No, we were put here by aliens as an alternative food source.	FAVOR
4814	creation	 I really like bananas, so I must've evolved from monkeys :p	AGAINST
4815	creation	Um this thread is months old and no one is reading it.  Email me if you want more.  But Pandas proves it all by itself.  Creationism is religious.  Pandas is creationism.  Game over.	AGAINST
4816	creation	--As for scientific evidence for ID start with the genetic code. The day we observe nature, operating freely, putting together a code is the day that MicroSoft will lay off all their programmers because they are unecessary.--Please tell us how does ID explain the genetic code, and I am sure you can explain to us the various hypotheses and the evidence as to how science explains it.But you have made a clear case that ID is all about ignorance, your 'bottom line' betrays' you.So surprise me, explain to us how ID explains the genetic code. And lacking that, show that you understand today's best explanations and admit that ID is not an inference to best explanation.Looking forward to your reply.As to your evolution is atheistic by the same logic, you are missing two important points. One, ID is not scientifically fruitful, two, ID was 'created' to get God inside the class rooms. With such a history, it is not hard to understand why people correctly have come to realize ID is at best a poor theology.	AGAINST
4817	creation	The catch is getting people who think ID is an attempt at   theocracy   to agree with us. 	FAVOR
4818	creation	"""You argue, based on the FTE's claims that the term 'creation' and 'creationism' had nothing to do with religion."" And based on my own experiment in which I check Pandas out from the library and checked to see what the book would implicate if the term ""creator"" was used throughout the book. ""Now I understand why you want to rely on the DI and the FTE's claims but this means that you are shielded from the facts.""I beg to differ. They wrote the contents, I think they are just as qualified as anyone else to explain what was and wasn't in the early drafts. ""In addition you have fallen victim of the claim that just because the FTE was denied to be heard, that the argument was not heard.""Nothing in the passage of the ruling mentions that their argument was heard.""(1) the definition for creation science in early drafts is identical to the definition of ID;""If that's true, then the context of the term ""creation science"" was not used in a religious manner at all. ""(2) cognates of the word creation (creationism and creationist), which appeared approximately 150 times were deliberately and systematically replaced with the phrase ID; and""Then that clearly means they did not specifically implicate god in the passages (if that's truly the change that happened). Having drafts that say ""We can't tell if the creator is natural or supernatural"" does not constitute a religious idea.""(3) the changes occurred shortly after the Supreme Court held that creation science is religious and cannot be taught in public school science classes in Edwards.""Right, because they wanted people to be aware that they were pursuing a completely different methodology then that of the people who lost their case in Edwards. From one of the authors of the book:""I wasnÃ•t comfortable with the typical vocabulary that for the most part creationists were using because it didnÃ•t express what I was trying to do. They were wanting to bring God into the discussion, and I was wanting to stay within the empirical domain and do what you can do legitimately there.""(Deposition of Charles Thaxton 52-53, Kitzmiller, No. 4:04-CV-2688 (M.D. Pa., July 19, 2005))That was how he coined the term ""Intelligent Design.""  ""***This word substitution is telling, significant, and reveals that a purposeful change of words was effected without any corresponding change in content, which directly refutes FTE's argument that by merely disregarding the words ""creation"" and ""creationism,"" FTE expressly rejected creationism in Pandas.***""Considering the source of Judge Jones' ruling, it's no surprise that he would come to this conclusion without giving the FTE a fair trial. The answer is no, it doesn't. None of the three points Judges Jones and the ACLU make show that the early drafts specifically implicate god or the supernatural in Pandas. All it does show is that they wanted people to be aware they were writing about a completely different set of ideas then what creationists where aiming for in the late 80's. ""In early pre-Edwards drafts of Pandas, the term ""creation"" was defined as ""various forms of life that began abruptly through an intelligent agency with their distinctive features intact Ã fish with fins and scales, birds with feathers, beaks, and wings, etc,"" the very same way in which ID is defined in the subsequent published versions. (P-560 at 210; P-1 at 2-13; P-562 at 2-14, P-652 at 2-15; P-6 at 99-100; P-11 at 99-100; P-856.2.).""Again, there is nothing within that definition which would show that the early drafts of Panda's specifically stated God or the Supernatural was the source of the various things they were trying to explain. ""Intelligent Agency"" could mean just about anything, nothing about it points directly to God. (onto part 2)"	FAVOR
4819	creation	I asked the questions to give Mr Behe a hint about how to formulate a proper argument.  I am well familiar with the thought process of the ID proponents, having at one time been one myself.  Of course, I grew out of it before I graduated high school.  (and no, it was not because my teacher, pawn of the evil scientist cabal to keep creation science hidden, converted me.  It was because I did my own research and thinking and most importantly, i followed the data.)	AGAINST
4820	creation	You said 'tentacles could become legs'..here's the problem - a good design for tentacles does not at the same time mean a good design for legs.... consider what I'm saying here -- look at a starfish.. or even a regular fish - the placement of fins have a different orientation than 'future legs'... good placement for fins does not make a good placement for legs... the two are entirely different designs.. one is not appropriate for the other.. only in rare occasions - thus it's ridiculous to assume one could morph to the other..  if you had to rely on previous developments.. future developments would be improperly placed - poorly situated.	FAVOR
4821	creation	" Go read ""On the Origin of Species""...  /   /> I need not make a point of my own!"	AGAINST
4822	creation	 You have to consider the alternative explanations for our existence and the evidence for and against each - oh, by the way, 2000 year long consensus doesn't count as evidence!  />   /> I don't think there's any need to go too deeply into the evidence for evolution by natural selection, but as most people will know, there is some (although controversially scarce) evidence in the fossil records for common ancestry, as well as similarities of existing species physiological and genetic makeup.    />   /> Geographical distribution of species is also worth consideration (this is also evidently apparent in human racial distinction throughout the world - I can't quite understand a Gods reasoning in creating a peaceful world by segregating us through racial differences!).    />   /> Evolutionary psychology is also worth investigating, as it suggests that our behaviour can be explained through our need to survive and reproduce in our evolutionary past, and it is surprisingly convincing (depending on what book you read!).  But as Richard Dawkins says; if you can't understand how a physiological or psychological trait could have been created through natural selection, it means you're not trying hard enough!'.  />   /> For those who say that there is no evidence that evolution exists in our own lifetime, the fact is that evolution by natural selection in such complex organisms as ourselves can take tens of thousands of generations for its effects to become obviously apparent to us.    />   /> However, for micro-organisms (such as viruses that can reproduce relatively quickly) we are all witness to the effects of evolution by natural selection.  As particular species of a virus evolves in various host cells, they are battling with an organisms immune system for survival.  This is survival of the fittest at the microscopic level!  And I can't see any reason why this would not occur at the macroscopic level.  As I explained before, other evidence also points in this direction.	AGAINST
4823	creation	"--. Similarly, as IÃ•ve said, there is no evidence Jones understood the academic issues discussed in his courtroom. Those who have hailed Jones as some sort of philosopher-king have been badly misled.--This is particularly funny because it was Behe who seems to have not only failed to communicate the academic issues to the Judge, but also it was Behe who was extensively quoted in the judge's ruling as to why ID was scientifically without merit.From reading the whole ruling, it become painfully clear that the judge was very aware of the scientific issues involved, he just happened to disagree with the spin provided by the defendants and their witnesses. I wonder if the Judge would have been able to make such an effective ruling without the contributions and testimonies of Michael Behe.For instance--Stated another way, ID posits that animals did not evolve naturally through evolutionary means but were created abruptly by a non-natural, or supernatural, designer. Defendants' own expert witnesses acknowledged this point. (21:96-100 (Behe); P-718 at 696, 700 (""implausible that the designer is a natural entity""); 28:21-22 (Fuller) ("". . . ID's rejection of naturalism and commitment to supernaturalism . . .""); 38:95-96 (Minnich) (ID does not exclude the possibility of a supernatural designer, including deities).It is notable that defense experts' own mission, which mirrors that of the IDM itself, is to change the ground rules of science to allow supernatural causation of the natural world, which the Supreme Court in Edwards and the court in McLean correctly recognized as an inherently religious concept. Edwards, 482 U.S. at 591-92; McLean, 529 F. Supp. at 1267. First, defense expert Professor Fuller agreed that ID aspires to ""change the ground rules"" of science and lead defense expert Professor Behe admitted that his broadened definition of science, which encompasses ID, would also embrace astrology. (28:26 (Fuller); 21:37-42 (Behe)). Moreover, defense expert Professor Minnich acknowledged that for ID to be considered science, the ground rules of science have to be broadened to allow consideration of supernatural forces. (38:97 (Minnich)).--A fascinating reading indeed which shows a well informed judge making a powerful ruling which ID proponents. As to the plagiarism claims, see          for a more in-depth analysis of the DI's ""response"" to this devastating ruling."	AGAINST
4824	creation	The full drafts were all entered as evidential exhibits with the court and are on file there.  It would be great if they were available for the world to see but they are copyright to The Foundation for Thought & Ethics so the stuff that is online is just short quotes/images through fair use:            There are several articles summarizing what is in the drafts, email me at matzkeATberkeley.edu, I can send you those.  PS: I have unsubscribed from OpposingViews so I won't see any further messages on these threads.	AGAINST
4825	creation	you've got it right.  Just looking at a girl lustfully is sinful... You're also right that it's impossible to avoid... Which is an example of why we are all sinners.  A quick quiz -What does random pre-marital sex lead to?What about   murder  ? Good thing or not so much?How about abuse of your own body..   smoking  , drinking and such - what results do you get?How about sodomy? Good thing? (nevermind.. don't answer)the simple point is... every view put into place in the Bible if followed would lead to nothing but a better life..oh.. and of course this is where the typical atheist jumps in with the stories about slavery and incest.. etc.  Don't bother...first off it's just a symptom of not actually READING the Bible and/or quoting it out of context or with a lack of understanding.  Anyone can quote mine a line to discredit the book.. but also we all know the message that is presented from the Bible - love your enemies, Judge not lest ye be judged, thou shalt not kill etc. etc. Anyone claiming different is either lying or simply not educated in it's teachings.It's a good book... matter of fact it's divine.	FAVOR
4826	creation	"Attempts to teach the creationism-evolution controversy to students are disingenuous promotions of activist Christians. Certainly, it sounds reasonable that creationism should taught in public schools in the context of it being a cultural/religious perspective? Who could argue with this? Many non believers would argue that creationism and Bible are wonderful literary works of fiction, and so, yes, they should be taught. Unfortunately those that uphold creationism as true cannot be satisfied with this because their doctrine drives them to require it to be taught as the truth. This is what many creationists are calling for in school systems. They frequently call for individuals classes to be created that teach ""creationism science"" as truth."	AGAINST
4827	creation	"You're lucky not enough people know or care enough about your religion to throw out opinions based on it presented as science, philosophy, logic, or fact on the spot.  Claims that the world was created in exactly 6 days exactly as the Bible says it was have just as much credence as your religious argument.  NONE!  There is nothing persuasive about Objectivism, especially when it's disciples cite it as fact without any evidence other than, ""Well Ayn Rand said so.""  Come back to me with arguments not based on Objectivism, and we'll talk.  The sad part is, Ayn Rand seems like she was a very rational and logical person.  It is a shame that her modern disciples have so perverted that image."	FAVOR
4828	creation	"PvM wrote: However this is false and misleading. First of all it is important to point out that by design, ID means the ""set theoretic complement of the disjunction regularity or chance"". Now what does this mean? This means that when science fails to have found an explanation for any particular system, ID argues that the default should not be ""we don't know"" but rather ""design"". This is false and misleading.  ID does not attempt to fill gaps in science, it looks at the same evidence produced by science (eg, the mechanics of molecular biology) and draws an inference different from folks like PvM.  ID sees a complex system which  contains inter-dependent parts, assembled in a highly specific way, does the math on probability this arrangement could arise by chance and concludes the system is designed.  Period.  No god, no gap filling.I invite PvM to cite any leading ID theorist filling gaps in scientific knowledge with ID, as claimed above.  Just one."	FAVOR
4829	creation	"GOD is not physical except as CHRIST & a CHRISTIAN, true believers...GOD is SPIRIT ....YOU cannot PROVE SPIRIT, except for it's intervention upon men...AS in: INSPIRED....or INDWELT...THE effects of the SPIRIT's workings....WHEN the worlds or EARTH was created by GOD the writings refer to ,""the SPIRIT moved upon the EARTH & or WATERS""...I do not presume to know the totality of GOD or HE, as HE referse to himself, or itself(SPIRIT)...I would be equal with GOD if I had full kowledge & would myself BE GOD...HE or the SPIRIT rejuvinates a dead spirit,in man, EXAMPLE; in me to MY ""salvation"", as HE ,GOD calls this phenominon..  THIS is MY proof that HE exists & HE has convicted ME to ""believe"" in the writings which are contained in scripture; to which HE has given ME the gift of discernment & authenticity.... THE POWER to BELIEVE..THIS IS THE BEGINNING of SALVATION or what is refered to as FAITH WITNESS or PROOF, without which a man cannot believe...ENOUGH, O.K.? IT is a FAITH not MY own which has been given or transported to me...REF: The wind blows where it may but, ONLY the effects are seen, or made physical to the human..."	FAVOR
4830	creation	Sharky has pointed out the problem with ID, namely the flawed concept that ordinary and rarefied design can be detected reliably based on the same approach. In fact, we know that in case of ordinary design, science relies on positive hypotheses based on means, motives, opportunities, physical and circumstantial evidence, eye witnesses and more. Rarefied design, by its nature, cannot be constrained and thus science lacks methodology to reliably detect it using the 'design inference' method proposed by ID.Simple really, if the design inference would lead to false positives (inferring design where there wasn't) it is useless per Dembski's own statements. Since we know of quite a few examples where design inferences led to false positives, the conclusion seems self evident.When will ID admit to this?	AGAINST
4831	creation	Heck -- his girlfriend HAS more hair than she has now, even as we speak.Have you ever seen an unshaved man or unshaved woman nude in their early fourties?THAT ALONE is evidence that we're all apes.	FAVOR
4832	creation	"""1. ID is scientifically vacuous""--Right now we're discussing the question of whether or not ID is religious, until we settle that argument I will not move on to another topic, at least not yet.--That's too bad. But I understand.--""2. ID's foundation in religious motivations is well established""You keep saying that time and time again, and like most people, refer to the early drafts of Pandas to make your case. Take a quick look at this list:--Nope, Pandas is but one part of the argument.Want to try again?"	AGAINST
4833	creation	There's no point arguing against evolution when you don't understand it in the first place. Learn the theory, the science, the facts and THEN debate it. You don't seem to have even the remotest idea of evolution	AGAINST
4834	creation	Even the anti-IDists require something beyond nature to explain the origin of nature. Natural processes only exist in nature and therefor cannot account for its origins.ID is NOT an argument about complexity and it certainly does NOT state that complexity can only arise from complexity. ID is about FUNCTIONAL complexity. The bottom line is we do exist and there is only ONE reality behind our existence. If you listen to the anti-ID side our existence is due to many accidents- first cosmic and then genetic.Is that scientific? How can we test that premise? What predictions does it make?IOW it is very funny what PvM offers up as science and out of the other side of his mouth rejects ID without consideration.	FAVOR
4835	creation	Science of course has tested the principle, even though for a long time it stood as an assumption. And the data do not show a support for the belief of a non-copernican Universe under most circumstances, although there may sill remain scenarios in which a non-copernican Universe would be possible.      --Ã’I think the scientific community would not be too unhappy with the idea of a large under-dense region Ã it is not hard to think of ideas of how they might come to be, even in the context of a hot big bang model. What is hard to understand is why we would be so close to the center of one. No doubt someone would come up with an Ã”anthropicÃ• argument for it Ã but I've thought a bit about that, and don't really think there is a salable anthropic explanation. (By the way, I don't think there is a salable intelligent design reason, either.) In the end, we might have to live with the Walter Cronkite explanation Ã”... and that's the way it is .... Ã•Ã“ --	AGAINST
4836	creation	One day we all will know the truth!	FAVOR
4837	creation	"For years now the Intelligent Design proponents and the Discovery Institute have been working the 'catholic angle', getting some of its cardinals into trouble. Cardinal Archbishop of Vienna Christoph SchÂšnborn was the first noticable victim of the bait and switch and it took a while before the Catholic church could restore order and continue in its position that good theology requires good science and that ID creationism provides neither.Although I am not a fan of some of the Catholic Church's position, I am encouraged by its ability to shake of its past dealings with Intelligent Design. In similar news, noted scientists and Jesuit astronomer George Coyne is on a mission to expose the scientific and theological vacuity of Intelligent Design.""Intelligent Design belittles God, Vatican director says""       ""Priest doubts accuracy of creationism: God should stay out of classroom""      .Accuracy.Of.Creationism-3421726.shtml--George Coyne:""I am going to, for better or worse, take on the intelligent design movement in this country,"" Coyne began the lecture. ""I'm not going to apologize on the statements I make.""--and--He personally encourages evolution to be taught in school, not intelligent design. ""You shouldn't talk about God in a science classroom,"" he said. --Well said and it should inspire other Christians to critically review their position on science and theology.""Teach the controversy"" so to speak "	AGAINST
4838	creation	It's called the THEORY of evolution for a reason. Do you know why? Because it's not the LAW of evolution because it has no proof! Even IF evolution was truth(which it isn't) it doesn't proove against intelligent design. Intelligent design constitutes that something created the universe; Aithiesm constitutes that NOTHING created the universe.Personally, I believe that the earth and universe was created in six literal days, and evolution has no more proof than creationism IMHO	FAVOR
4839	creation	Intelligent design, if true, would indeed have amazing implications.  Again...if it were true.ID is an incomplete hypothesis, not a scientific theory.  It does not show a detailed analysis of the data that supports the assertions it makes.  It does not offer predictions that will validate it's claims.  It has not proposed experiments that can be done to either falsify or support it.ID's entire argument is: As a biased observer, I think life is designed, therefore it is.  I'm not going to explain it, or attempt to prove it, it's obvious.  If you don't agree, you must have an agenda.Newton and Kepler did turn out to be right, and the author is right, it was not because of their religious beliefs.  It was because of their solid science.  ID will not be proven right; not because it has religious foundations, but because it has no solid science.	AGAINST
4840	creation	"""Intelligent Design is in Fact Religiously Based""So?  "	FAVOR
4841	creation	But what have ancient scriptures ultimately proven?	AGAINST
4842	creation	"I could argue the many reasons i dont believe in creationism, but i would never be able to end my list. Also, i could give many reasons for UNDERSTANDING the theory of evolution, and i dont think that i would want to type that much, but what i will say is that evidence is evidence and sorry for the creationist side but you guys have none at all. You know what evidence we have, open a biology textbook, research a little about the fossil records, and also stop ignoring the stuff you dont believe in the ""good book""(if you can call it that without being totally ass backwords). You cant just go and edit the book of ""god"" so that you feel better about what your believeing. That means that you cannot be a person who supports democracy because your religion calls for direct obediance to government as if to god. What is that shit. Any half brain would realize right there that what there reading makes no sense and close the book and go get one from barnes and nobles that makes sense, and has evidence to support it to boot. Drop the fairy tales already and grow up. There are more problems caused by religion than atheism, you just have to take off the blinds, take out the earplugs and open your mind. Thank you."	AGAINST
4843	creation	I don't care how many times you say it. You can't prove anything using that same thing, you have to use evidences outside of that. Just like in my field...you can't prove a mathematical theorem by saying it's self-authenticating. You have to use other known facts and proven theorems to prove it. Any mathematician (such as myself) just has to laugh at such an excuse. 	AGAINST
4844	creation	--DI--As I explained in my fourth opening statement, design can be inferred regardless of whether the designer is natural or supernatural. ---That of course is incorrect and has been discussed many times now, although the ID proponents do not seem to have a response, which is fine. It's the bait and switch between ordinary design for which we have some independent evidence, and rarefied design which lack such distinction which makes the latter one highly unreliable.Ask yourself this simple question: How does ID explain the bacterial flagella?It doesn't, it merely calls it 'designed' which is a placeholder for our ignorance as to how to explain the flagella. But it gets worse, ID is doomed to sit back idling while science has continued to expand its knowledge of the flagella and likely evolutionary pathways. And while ID could not even compete with our ignorance, it now faces an even bigger challenge, namely a scientific hypothesis.That my friends is why ID has to resort to equivocation on the terms natural and supernatural, to include 'intelligence' as a supernatural cause.What a shame that good science is used to support such a vacuous notion	AGAINST
4845	creation	"Try and quote the right text next time. Anyways...""That's too bad. But I understand.""We CAN discuss that issue AFTER we settle the question of ID=Religion first. ""Nope, Pandas is but one part of the argument.Want to try again?""I sure would like to know what those other arguments are. If Pandas fails to be religious in any past present or future form then enlighten me to what the other facts are that make ID's religious nature ""well established."""	FAVOR
4846	creation	I don't really believe in the supernatural unless you wanted to say that the first cause behind the big bang is beyond the observable world and therefor supernatural. Everything after the beginning is natural. What we think of as supernatural is just that which   science   hasn't figured out yet. 	FAVOR
4847	creation	 Evolution is just an excuse for biology to occupy the adolescent young mind.	FAVOR
4848	creation	"""By the very nature of its approach, ""intelligent design"" cannot be satisfied with a ""designer"" who is part of the natural world.""Define ""natural world"".  Prior to 1950 there were only 97 known elements. Several decades earlier, photons were unknown, or at least 'unproven'.  By the mid 1960's, physicists realized that their prior concept of matter being composed of the fundamental protons, neutrons, and electron, was insufficient to explain the myriad new particles being uncovered.  Prior to evidences, it was met with skepticism, and some of them were referred to as quacks; and thus came 'quarks'.ID addresses evidences for designed structures, mechanisms and synergistic systems in biology.  Hypothesizing intervening agencies is more difficult, and irrelevant to the ID synthesis.You at the institute state that the designer could not be natural.  I disagree, since everything that interacts with known matter (in this case bioforms), would likely exist within the universe, to enable it to interact.  It could well be external, if space is multidimensional, but it's not a requirement.  The basis for you claim is a fall back on the religious point of view for the master designer, but has no scientific evidence or merit on its own.  You conclusion, based on you meritless allegation of supernaturality or transcendency, is therefore pointless. Richard Dawkins and Jerry Coyne did a piece for the Guardian in which one of them, probably Dawkins, stated, "" ... any God capable of creating a bacterial flagellum (to say nothing of a universe) would have to be a far more complex, and therefore statistically improbable, entity than the bacterial flagellum (or universe) itself ... ""What kind of logic is that?  Is it improbable to be more complex than 45 proteins in one package?  Or even worse, to be more complex than the universe to create it?  What is the evidence for those assertions?Since an ant is more complex than a flagellum, I assume that one could put together a flagellum, even if God couldn't.""Its advertising to the contrary notwithstanding, ""intelligent design"" is inherently a quest for the supernatural.""  No, it's to define, and detect (or falsify) design in biosystems, and in so doing, possibly modify evolutionary theory.  While it's true that some advocate, and seek to validate, a young earth hypothesis, that is far from what ID hypothesizes.Ayn Rand rejected religion, and by extension theism, more for political reasons than logical inferences.  She believed in objectivism and rational thought.  So do I, but I also see the evidence of, and the logic for design.So who designed the designers?  I dunno, how do you assemble spirit energy?"	FAVOR
4849	creation	What I desire to beleive is totally irrelevant. If desire guided my beliefs, I would be not only a supporter of Intelligent Design, but a young Earth Creationist and a fundamentalist Christian. But I'm not because my eyes were opened to the falsehood of those positions and that realization plunged me into a deep sense of grief at having been lied to and manipulated by promoters of bigoted dogmas. I think is it absolutly shameful for anyone to imply that my position is fanatical because I WANT to be the supreme intelligence in my universe. That is such a blatantly dishonest and ignorant strawman that I am amazed that it was even put out here.In short, not one word of Allogic's statement rings true to me.	AGAINST
4850	creation	 No, it isn't. As far as I can tell the evidence is getting stronger.	AGAINST
4851	creation	1. Why is the earth the only planet that is sustainable for life forms?2. Assuming you believe in the big bang theory, what caused the big bang to occur?3. What is the purpose of life, is it just to be and then not to be?4. Is this all there is in life? Bummer5. Since people are all so different why arent we seeing planets with other types of life forms?6. How do you explain archeological finds that validate Hebrew Biblical writings regarding Gd, Jesus, and then nullify it in the same sentence?7. If the Bible is correct and one day is as a thousand to Gd is it possible that earth was formed in over a period of 6,000 years or 6 days in heaven...because as you know the farther away from earth you get the shorter time is...you did know that right?	FAVOR
4852	creation	"That is where you are wrong.The old argument that layers of sediment were deposited by the biblical flood are unsubstantial.Just because i found fish bones in my trash can does that mean they were deposited there by the flood too?The creationists need to re-examine the scriptures for where it talks about Darwin's book: On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection, or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life.""This preservation of favourable variations and the rejection of injurious variations, I call Natural Selection.""-DarwinIf anything the battles between races in the bible would support Darwin's theory.And gravity is due to cosmic evolution, which operates at a cosmological time scale, not a geological one; So space-time while continuing to expand, has not been known to contract from our four dimensional perspective. Although antimater has been annihilated with Lithium in collider experiments under laboratory conditions to release pure energy. But this is generally known."	AGAINST
4853	creation	 Just out of curiosity, without creation, where did evolution begin?	FAVOR
4854	creation	Theology, it says in his profile. 	AGAINST
4855	creation	"ID does undermine evolution, because supporters of ID wish to put a sticker in every textbook that says something along the lines of: ""Evolution is just a theory. It is not a fact, and has not been proven. There are other possibilities."" To deny that ID is being used to undermine not only evolution, but science as a whole, is...to put it lightly a dumb thing to do. Look at the video I posted. In it you can actually see people using ID to do just that.If you or anyone else wants to believe in some guiding force, great. That's what freedom of religion is all about. No one is attacking anyone's personal beliefs. If you think that there are significant number of scientists who disagree with me, I challenge you to find me some. I would be interested in hearing their opinion.While on fallacies however, I think we should address the straw man you continue to present as your reason for defending ID. In previous debates, you said scientists were fired for ""just mentioning ID."" I gave you a list of people you might be referring to, and why this was not the case with each of them. You never responded to that argument, and haven't mentioned it since, so I am going to assume that you admit that you were mistaken. (If not, I would love for you to give me an example of someone who was fired for bringing up the topic.) Now, your reason for defending ID is that people (like me) get upset when the topic is brought up. Let me repeat what I said earlier. If you want to talk about philosophy or theology, I would be perfectly willing to talk about a ""guiding force"" that controls life. However, until you have some evidence, or even some type of realistic scenario, then we can't talk about it in a scientific way. It isn't possible. What I get angry about is when people attempt to teach ID in school. You have already agreed that it shouldn't be taught in school. I'm not even sure at this point why you're disagreeing with me.I'm just saying that things aren't ALWAYS as they seem, and no matter how hard we try, we won't be able to reason certain aspects out because our brain won't accept it.So we should fill in the gaps with ""it's magic"", or ""God did it""? Again if you want to say this as a personal belief GREAT*. But it is better to say I don't know, and try to figure it out rationally. Usually, the results are pretty damn useful (modern medicine, airplanes, computers, etc...). But maybe that's all made up and we're just rationalizing magic. Hell, right now maybe I'm typing on a magic keyboard and my brain is rationalizing what it sees by saying that my computer is just a bunch of integrated circuits powered by a stream of electrons. I must be fucking delusional."	AGAINST
4856	creation	"I am not welcome at UcD, a site which takes pride in ignorance over arguments. If you are interested in 'continuing the debate' then present your arguments.Let me present you my position1. ID is scientifically vacuous2. ID's foundation in religious motivations is well establishedLacking 1, it is clear that ID fails the ""secular motive which is not a sham"" requirement, combined with 2, reduces it to be unconstitutional to be taught in public schools.Simple really"	AGAINST
4857	creation	Just when you think you have seen and heard it all, the Landon's  'eonic effect' pops up again.So what is the eonic effect?--A frequently asked question is, What is the eonic effect? The term simply refers to a basic set of three turning points or transitions visible in world history, the birth of civilization, the classical period, with its remarkable so-called Ã”Axial AgeÃ•--Of course... How could we have missed such an obvious 'effect'...Sigh	AGAINST
4858	creation	When there is clear and overwhelming proof that evolution is the process by which life has developed on earth, it is painfully stupid to believe that the earth was created as it is now 6000 years ago by a magical man in the sky. Citing the bible or any other religious text as proof to the contrary is akin to citing Aesop's fables as proof for talking animals.	AGAINST
4859	creation	"--""We don't know but we do know a designer wasn't involved.""--That's not how science works my confused ID proponent.The fact remains, that, even in your response, you have failed to show that ID is scientifically relevant.For that I thank you, it's most educational when one can provide some 'live examples'"	AGAINST
4860	creation	"--SologosI don't believe that there is a significant controversy about the concept of natural selection. Darwin deserves a lot of credit for that. There is quite a lot more controversy in the ranks when it comes to the supply of the fittest for the filtering process. Consider for example, the chill from the Neo- Darwinist community when the exclusive role of mutation was questioned, when Lynn Margulis first introduced endosymbiosis.--Cool, now the claim is the arrival of variation. Yes, Margulis' claims were received with scepticism, and it was through hard scientific work that she managed to support her claims and science eventually accepted them. No similarities at all with ID which proposes nothing. As to the supply of the fittest, the issue of the 'arrival of the fittest' is of significant interest right now to science, what do you suggest has ID contributed to this?The answer is simple: Nothing--SologisThe truth is that neither the ""Chance"" involved in the supply, nor the ""Necessity"" of the filtering process get at the core issue of intelligence operative within them both. God simply allows us, believers and non-believers alike to exercise the methodology to our benefit. Quite compassionate of Him, wouldn't you say?--This is a misleading statement, there is no scientific issue of intelligence operative within both, in fact, science does allow God to be hidden behind these natural processes, it remains silent on such. Let's not pretend though that this is a scientific position."	AGAINST
4861	creation	"--Joe GThe ONLY way to label Intelligent Design ""religious"" is to change the definition of religion.--Tell that to Philip Johnson--JohnsonÃ’Our strategy has been to change the subject a bit so that we can get the issue of intelligent design, which really means the reality of God, before the academic world and into the schools.Ã“--Straight from the mouth of an ID proponent.QED--And the bottom line is if the anti-ID side actually had some scientific evidence for their position ID would go away.---Unlikely, ID just would do what it has been doing, move its goalposts and still be vacuous"	AGAINST
4862	creation	The same reason we don't teach literature in a home economics class.	AGAINST
4863	creation	"Mr. Behe makes two key claims in this short essay. 1) That mutations ""tended to be degradative changes, ones which destroyed genes or made them less efficient.""which he uses as an argument to his conclusion, that 2) ""DarwinÃ•s mechanism of random mutation and natural selection does not mimic design""However, there is a fundamental flaw in Mr. Behe's reasoning in regards to the first point, which leads to his erroneous conclusion. All mutations can be regarded as 'degradative' in some sense, but they are constructive in a different sense, because mutations involve a fitness trade-off. We know a prori that E. coli is very well adapted to its natural habitat. After 3.5 billion years of evolution, it is unfathomably unlikely that in .00000001 % of that time we will see natural selection produce and adaptation that is a pareto improvement on the function of E. coli, that is: an improvement with no cost. The only reason we see any beneficial mutations whatsoever is because we are placing E. coli in an evolutionarily novel habitat, where some of E. coli's genes are unnecessary, and where it lacks some functions which would be beneficial.   By way of analogy, if I took a coat hanger from my closet, bent it, and turned it into a well formed T.V. antenna, I would have greatly decreased the hangers ability to hold a coat. But if I don't need a coat hanger, and I do need an antenna, it is difficult to see how we can describe transforming a coat hanger into an antenna as ""degradative"", since the antenna has a highly specified from that looks just as designed as the coat hanger.  If I choose to regard all improvements which are not pareto improvement as 'degradative', then I would not expect to ever find evidence for evolution. Evolution works by making trade offs, destroying one thing to make a more immediately useful thing. So, because Mr. Behe confuses the kinds of improvements that natural selection makes with universal improvements in function. Because of this he sees no evidence for natural selection's ability to improve organismal function. The key test of Mr. Behe's characterization of the E. coli's cit+ mutations as 'degradative' will come when the mutations are fully characterized and we discover whether or not the novel proteins, which have unarguably be created by natural selection, function efficiently for cit+ metabolism. Putatively, I believe, a gene duplication has occurred, such that the cit+ E. coli have not lost any ancestral function.When these mutations are characterized and we have again documented natural selection creating novel cellular machinery, it may aid in preserving Mr. Behe credibility if he acknowledges that natural selection can create efficient cellular machinery. "	AGAINST
4864	creation	To say that evolution has been scientifically proved would require that it be first studied then determined scientifically. To do so would require that the question be analyzed for its scientific qualities; those true and those false. Any falsehood would constitute a rejection of the theory as a whole, and the proponents would have to start again from a different hypothesis. This does not in any way speak to any objective measure of the absolute truth or falsehood of the theory itself, but rather the wording and logic behind the theory, as any theory can only be judged on the basis of its wording to be judged objectively, and not subjectively which would only be a matter of opinion. Therefore the rejection of the scientific method is complete in the sense that it cannot be disproven on the basis of absolute knowledge outside the tools of argument available; namely words, which are the basis for any theory or hypothesis being argued, defended, or subjected to tests to find weaknesses in order to reject that theory. Such a theory cannot be truly known or even truly unknown, for to be truly unknown one must first truly know what is not to be known, and surely that itself cannot be known, truly. Really in reality it is difficult to prove with absolute certainty or absolute uncertainty the absolute absurdity or surdity of what is known or what is to be unknown, even at a future date in time. Space. Space, the final frontier, you are already here, but knowing exactly where you are with respect to where you were is certainly uncertain for even a population of sodium atoms at or near absolute zero can not be known in terms of absolute position or velocity, for as the velocity approaches absolute zero, we become more and more certain of that velocity, but must necessarily also become more and more uncertain of its position, each atoms wave function spreading out until it overlaps with its neighbors until it is totally indistinguishable from its neighbors forming a singular blob of matter. But this is only verified by experiment, which is the only and best test to be used by the scientific method, which can only truly be used to reject a hypothesis. That said, a hypothesis may be accepted, but not scientifically, but for all intents and purposes may be treated as absolute truth, baring any contrary evidence; as occums razor would point out the simplest hypothesis which explains the phenomenon is the most likely, again baring any contrary evidence. But when that evidence cannot be explored by conventional methods of observation ie: through the senses directly or indirectly relating to the physical and tangible world, then such a theory cannot be honestly and objectively analyzed or compared to the princeps of our understanding of the world and its phenomenon; it is detached from them. Surely such a word is a word apart from other words in the world of words such a word is subject to suspicion and castigation for being as it is a word not of the other words but another word of that which cannot be known by what other words are known knowingly it is known that what cannot be known cannot be be said while being said to be known for that which is known to be known was already said, or implied, the implication being that the knowledge of the tree of knowledge of good and evil as it was written by the word in words and communicated thusly; by words, cannot be known by the same token, for the token has two sides, each side opposite the other, and each side opposing the direction of the other, without either side facing the other, but rather facing away, as it is when two sides face away from one another but do not look at each other directly. So it is that the argument, whether by proof of evidence or scientific method or any other method, that the theory cannot directly oppose its opposite argument, but can only be described from an outside observer who does not stand and look outwards only from one side or argument. One that holds the token cannot stand upon it. For one cannot at the same time support one side of an argument, and also observe objectively between arguments. Neither can the word be subdivided or separated without losing the intended meaning of the whole. But without deductive reasoning we are lost. But without inductive reasoning we cannot make general statements about the world. But without particulars the general cannot be described. But without apriori knowledge of the general, we cannot be sure of its particulars. And so the scientific method, while a tool used to disprove but said to prove cannot prove but only disprove and then only if the subject is implicitly accepted, and the method of test also being accepted in its general power to come to particular conclusions of what is known to be not true. That the evolution of the scientific method has developed is proof enough that such a theory cannot be disproven. Or has it?	FAVOR
4865	creation	 Evolution is just logic.  The individuals with better characteristics survive more often, so they are passed on.  This causes species to change, but not all at once, and because the others are not completely unfit for survival they survive as well.	AGAINST
4866	creation	--When held to the standards of proof required for all other scientific theories, ID fails.--Science does not deal in proof but rather the ability to withstand attempts to disprove. As such evolutionary theory has done quite well.	AGAINST
4867	creation	Religion requires some kind of theology. Where is their theology? All ID says that something brought forth the universe. Does ID mean God? No. Science teaches that an infinite unknowable force brought forth the universe. Does this mean God?	FAVOR
4868	creation	"""If the Bible is the inspired Word of the infinite Creator God, then it must be self-authenticating and self-attestingÃ‘and it is.""Exactly how is the Bible self-authenticating? Cetainly there are archaeologists hard at work in the lands of the Near East trying to find concrete objects - cities - that match with names and events mentioned in the Bible. But how does the Bible self authenticate the verses about four rivers coming out of Eden? It doesn't.What, in general, does self authenticate mean? Does it mean ""make predictions""? What verifiable predictions does the Bible make? How does Genesis help oil companies find oil? It doesn't. Scientific geology helps oil companies find oil. Evolution helps oil companies find oil."	AGAINST
4869	creation	"""- Features that appear vestigial and functionless actually serve a function (eg., appendix, coccyx)""So what, using   intelligent design  , is the purpose of the appendix?""- ""Junk"" DNA does, in fact, have a function.""ID only says that all DNA has to have a purpose, it does not predict what that purpose is or describe a mechanism for how that part of the DNA strand came to be.""- The alteration of an organism will not always be slow and gradual, or step-by-step.""Where does evolutionary theory say that it will be slow or gradual?  Evolution has been observed to act very quickly, sometimes over the course of decades.""- That which determines the fundamental features of an organism will be logical and ordered (eg. DNA), as opposed to random.""The Theory of Evolution says the same thing... features are not random, they are 'built' on features already present in an organism (A fish cannot give birth to a bird).""- There is no explanation invoking randomness or chance that can explain specified complexity.""Specified complexity?  Can you qualify that further?  ""ID would be falsifiable by testing its predictions. Some scientists have already claimed that ID has been falsified and adequately refuted, such as Ken Miller.""Like the bacteria flagellum... which was claimed to be 'irreducibly complex' but has since been demonstrated to be otherwise.""There is also a paper published in Science (1) that claims that a study by Bridgham and a study by Lenski Ã’solidly refute all parts of the intelligent design argumentÃ“.""You mean the Lenski long term evolution experiment?  Where E.Coli bacteria underwent a significant   change   (gaining the ability to use Citric Acid as a   food   source) over the span of twenty years?  That experiment was a very good example of how a species can change in the presence of environmental pressures... without genetic manipulation from a 'designer'""Unsurprisingly the very next sentence is contradictory: Ã’Those Ã”alternateÃ• ideas, unlike the hypotheses investigated in these papers, remain thoroughly untested.""""How so?  Can you show one recorded demonstration of intelligent design in action?  One scientific study that would show the manipulation of a designer?"	AGAINST
4870	creation	"""In Genesis, we have no reason to believe that 'one day' meant any more than 'one day' today.""The Bible wasn't written in English, it was written in ancient Hebrew.  In ancient Hebrew, the word ""yom"" could mean a 12 hour day, a 24 hour day, or simply a long period of time.  Who's to say that's not a couple of billion years?  When it was translated into English in the Middle Ages, there was no reason to believe that it was anything other than a day.  Now, however, as all fields of science point to a signifigantly longer period of time, it is time to reassess the translation, though the text is still valid. (please refer to my other comment on this topic titled ""Think about this"")  Also, the Kent Hovind thing was an ad hominem, not a straw man.  It was a really good try, though."	AGAINST
4871	creation	"The idea that creationists reject mutation or natural selection is ridiculous. These are observable facts. What creationists defend is the idea that these changes cannot create new species, and as a result, a design, a designer, and a creator is necessary. Furthermore, if schools do not teach competing theories, it is comparable to teaching there is no alien life. This cannot be proven or demonstrated, however, it would seem that if that fit in with their theory for the rest of biology, the evolutionists would teach it without question. "	FAVOR
4872	creation	Science can never conclusively prove that there is no God (unless proof of another   god   is somehow found)... so it is always 'possible' to push the 'God did it' into those gaps in our knowledge.  However Science has consistently pushed into those areas where it was formerly declared 'God did it'The forces behind the creation of the cosmos do not care in the least for the actions of humans, lumps of self amusing, self replicating proteins sandwiched between layers of clay, that we are. 	AGAINST
4873	creation	"Wow...where to start?First, there is no such thing as an ""evolutionist"". Evolution is not a religion or belief system, but instead a well tested theory backed up by evidence in many scientific fields such as geology, embryology, genetics, and other fields of biology. A more accurate term to use would be scientist because over 99% of scientists agree with evolution. But hey, what do they know?I will talk about the evidence for evolution later but first allow me to answer some of your questions:Then why is the top of Mt Everest covered in fossilized clams?That's simple. The surface of the earth is covered by large masses of land known as tectonic plates. There are two types of tectonic plates, oceanic and continental. When two continental plates collide, mountains form. In this case, the Indian subcontinent collided with the Eurasian Plate forming the Himalayas. In fact this collision is still occurring and Mt. Everest is rising a few inches each year. What does this have to do with fossilized clams? At one point during earth's history, the rocks that currently make up the Himalayas were underwater and during this time the clams would have been fossilized. The mountains were raised later. In addition, if you are trying to say that these clams are evidence of the biblical flood (if you are not please correct me), then you should know that fossilization of the type witnessed on the top of Mt. Everest could not have happened in a short amount of time. They would have to have been covered for thousands of years. Didn't the flood supposedly only last 40 days?Why have sets of human footprints have been found on top and next to dinosaur footprints?Short answer: They haven'tLong Answer: Although creationists originally claimed that ""man-tracks"" appeared with dinosaur prints near in Glen Rose Texas, these assertions were later proven to be false. The supposed human footprints were in fact shown to be dinosaur footprints that had been eroded, natural features, and some doctored and carved specimens.Why are there so many ""fossil graveyards"" (the result of swirling water eddies)?Could you be more specific? I have never heard the term fossil graveyard, and I fail to see how this could possibly point to ""swirling water eddies.""Why did the earth have to be created instantaneously (www.halos.com)?This theory was thought up by Robert Gentry, who based his conclusion on what he called ""halos"" found in certain primordial rocks. Gentry is a physicist not a geologist however, so his method of observations, and the conclusions he comes to are flawed. You might as well ask a plumber to falsify string theory. The problems with his research are numerous, but for the sake of brevity I will give you the basic reasons why he's wrong. - The rocks he was examining were not part of the primordial crust of earth, but instead much younger, and therefore not reflective of earth's formation. -He does not show that polonium is the only possible cause of the ""halos."" In fact, other scientists who reviewed his work have determined that Uranium (which decays much more slowly) is the real cause. This is because the rings were most common in areas that were Uranium rich. If the cause had been Polonium, this would not have been the case. -Gentry attempts to rationalize the apparent conflict between his results and all other geological evidence for the age of earth, by proposing that decay rates have changed. There is no evidence for this, and the phenomenon is impossible according to current atomic theory. If he is right, then there is no reason that Polonium decay rates couldn't have changed as well, and therefore his entire conclusion is baseless-His theory requires at least three instances of divine intervention. Science does not deal with the supernatural.Then why have fossilized whales been found standing vertically on their tails?What does this have to do with anything? I don't know specifically what your talking about, however, if I were to speculate this could be because either rocks containing the fossils were pushed vertically by volcanic or tectonic activity, or that an underwater avalanche buried a whale vertically. Until you show me specifically what your talking about though, these are just guesses.Why are the layers of coal formations connected?Once again, I'm not sure what your talking about.Out of the billions of fruit flies/bacteria generations observed, why have they only produced after their kind?I assume by kind you mean species. If that is the case, then you are severely mistaken. There are numerous examples of observed speciation, especially among bacteria. In fact, in 1975, a strain of bacteria was found that could digest nylon. Nylon was only invented in 1935, so this was obviously an evolved trait. Fruit flys have also been observed in laboratories to evolve. In addition we see bugs evolving all the time, to become resistant to pesticides. If you want more examples of instances of observed speciation look here.Why is the age of the earth severely limited?: The moon is moving away from the earth each year, and would have been touching earth 1.3 billion years ago; long before then lunar tides would have wiped out life. Earth's spin is slowing down, so less than a million years ago it would it have been going much too fast for anything to survive (centrifugal force, 5,000 mph winds).Your figures are out of date. The whole, moon touching the earth 1.3 billion years ago, was a problem in the 1960s. Since then, newer and more accurate models of the earth-moon system put the moon a good distance away from the earth 4 billion years ago. Scientists had to take into account how shifting landmasses on earth (due to tectonic activity) had an effect on the moon's movement.Your second claim is laughable. I don't really know how to answer you other than to say that it's not true. Yesterday the temperature was one degree colder than today. Does that mean I can conclude there as an ice age less than a year ago? The earth is slowing down, but not nearly in the way that you described.Okay, now that that's over with we can talk about evidence for evolution.Out of all the claims, I've never heard any solid evidence to support themI'd say that's probably because creationist blogs don't have much information on the topic. I however do. Let's break it up into a couple catagories:FossilsScientists have been able to date fossils that are millions of years old, using numerous different techniques. What we see, when we look at the fossils we've found is a very clear representation of the evolutionary tree of life. Scientists have found literally thousands of transitional fossils, and not a single fossil has not fit within what evolution predicts. There were no mammals found during the Precambrian period, and no dinosaurs that dated less than 50 million years ago.If evolution were not true then how could you explain:1) How every dating technique used to identify the age of the fossils, turned up the same result? and how all of these results were consistent with evolutions predictions?2) How these transitional fossils exist?Observed instances of speciationAs I said earlier in the debate, we can actually see species evolving. The reason that the flu vaccine must be updated every year, is because the flu virus evolves each year. In this case, our knowledge of evolution actually saves people's lives. So you must ask yourself:3) If evolution isn't true, then why do we still see things evolving?I could go on, but this argument is already too long. If you have more questions go ahead and ask, but I'm much more interested in answers."	AGAINST
4874	creation	 No no no , we are evolving constantly, we have evolve so much that now we have the power to create.  />   /> What do you think that the creation of the Internet comes from, you gonna say that god created the Internet.?  />    /> The Internet itself is an evolutionary proof of of the evolution of our intellect. And therefore of our evolution overall  />   /> And if you are referring solely to biological evolution, that has not stopped either. OKEY, proof, our appendix, we do not use it and it is just an atrophied  organ in our system, and little by little we will get rid of it completely.  />   /> If not why did your god created it, if it has no purpose and no use.   />   /> One last thing, to be for evolution does not mean that you do not believe in god , and in a higher force that is the almighty creator of the universe.  />   /> It just means that you believe in science; and that you don't read the bible like a news paper. READ THE BIBLE is a great book, but interpret it like poetry not like a news report, is not  a history book.	AGAINST
4875	creation	 I think  the case against evolution is wrong and misinformed.  / How can the arguments for evolution necessarily dismiss the idea of a God?  /> Why can't God and evolution be compatible. Possibly God designed things to include a long evolutionary process?  /> Because early hominids were not necessarily related to and evolved from each other doesn't dismiss the case for evolution. Many species died out because they couldn't compete with rivals for food and other resources and that argues for evolution of the strongest, more intelligent and resourceful. Sometimes they died out because of climatic changes in the areas they lived in.  /> Fossils can detect patterns in evolutionary change and development. They show growth patterns.  /> Evolutionary theory can help to predict that related organisms do share similarities and evolution can be seen at this micro-scale.  /> We've seen many changes in known history and in pre-history and too many to argue against.  /> The whole evolutionary process for hominids is too complicated to argue here and is wrongfully discussed in the opposing views.	AGAINST
4876	creation	--ICDESIGNAs far as scientific findings go the numbers of evolution believing scientist's is on a major decline.--Historically such predictions have failed to come true time after time. In fact, the theory of evolution is getting stronger and stronger. So I have to reject your unsupported and wishful thinking.--ICDESIGNThe more technology is able to understand the more everyone will have to abandon the primitive thinking of evolutionary theory (theory being the key word). When scientists become brave enough to follow the evidence wherever it leads they will land on God's doorstep. 30 years from nowit will be embarrassing for anyone to admit to being an evolutionist.--Stop embarrassing yourself with these predictions, there is no reason to come to such a conclusion. Surely you would not want to portray such a foolish notion?But I do understand that the facts, may be somewhat disturbing to some religious people who have not only come to misunderstand evolutionary theory as being anti-God but worse are willing to go on the record with foolish statements. That just makes us Christians look well, 'foolish'	AGAINST
4877	creation	If the seven-day week is relevant, shouldn't the names of the days be relevant as well? Specifically the days named after pagan Gods--Odin's day, Thor's Day, Freya's Day, etc. Would God have built a pattern of idolatry into something that significant?	AGAINST
4878	creation	I really feel sorry for you.	FAVOR
4879	creation	very well said.  The arrogance factor is always obvious. The entire act of presuming you know anything for sure is not scientific... Their bias reveals them - and admittedly that happens on both sides.  I don't believe a true 'scientist' exists... because no matter who you are, you are inevitably proving nothing but your world view.	FAVOR
4880	creation	" "".... arguing against the Christian belief, instead of attacking Christians themselves?"" First it is obvious to the most naÂ•ve observer that creationist dogma is not honestly identified with Christian faith. Further, I have not attacked any individual because of their religious belief.  I have exposed their false claims of truth.Stop lying, cf Exodus 20:16."	AGAINST
4881	creation	 I interpret the creation story as a metaphor; with Science as HOW God made humans. Humans at the time may have been unable to comprehend the complexities of science, and therefore the Bible had it written the way it does now.   />   /> But hey, take it whatever way you want to. People can't force you into thinking certain ways..	AGAINST
4882	creation	--the Eonic website claims erroneouslyThe one thing Darwinists donÃ•t want to find is such a non-random pattern, anywhere. The data for seeing such a pattern has reached critical mass only in our own times, and can be highlighted by simple inspection using careful periodization. The conclusion is inescapable: this structure demonstrates the existence of an evolutionary driver operating where least expected. There is nothing complex in the method. Throw a sine curve at world history. The results are direct, and show a degree of correlation we cannot ascribe to chance.---In fact, Darwinists are looking for non-random patterns and have found it, which is why evolutionary theory and the evidence are so exciting where the evolutionary drivers included such concepts as variation, inheritance and selection. Of course, we cannot ascribe it to chance, which is exactly what evolutionary theory suggests.And yet the proponent of Eonic effect suggests that a 'new understanding' is needed. I agree, as far as the understanding of evolutionary theory is concerned.	AGAINST
4883	creation	"""Why not? What qualities does the designers have that make them beyond study?""Not being able to directly observe it. Thus conclusions are only drawn based on natural features in question.""I don't see it that way.""Like it or not, that's the way ID works. It studies what we can observe and draws inferences from there. ""A theory quantifying the designers, which could be used to make accurate predictions about their next action, would solidify ID as a working theory.""Define a ""working theory."" And your basic point is that unless we can see the telic force in action then we cannot determine if something was the product of one correct?""Without that then the argument that random mutation can only go so far, but not further (even when given an arbitrarily long period of time), is still a better discription.""So would you say then that sticking with the notion that mutations+selections has its limits is a better theory than saying a guidance of some kind brought some features in question to existence?""I would think that it would be beyond maybe. Knowing the nature of the designers would give a huge amount of insight into why they were designing life on this planet.""I think we both agree that such knowledge would in fact give us huge insight, but are you also saying it's NECESSARY to know the nature of the intellect in order to identify systems and features as designed?""Knowing the methods would allow us to replicate them in the laboratory.""Would you then say that ID is not   science   or is insufficient because it cannot be replicated or repeated?""We could also go and meet them, I know I've several complaints on this body they designed for me that I'd like to have cleared up.""Yeah same here, much like how I would like to complain to GM for giving their Hummers a MPG of only 10 miles a gallon.  "	FAVOR
4884	creation	"So you're saying that because it is written in the Bible that God created the universe in the manner described, then it must be true? I don't even know where to begin on this one. That kind of logic is not really going to cut it with any logical individual, Christian or not. Here are a couple of reasons why:1) The Bible has been translated and retranslated over and over again and been reinterpreted (and in some cases completely rewritten) perhaps thousands of times along the way.along the way so it's beyond question that it has changed in it's original message2) The level of knowledge exhibited by the ancients who wrote the Bible is far removed from our knowledge today, which implies that their view may be less than perfect. Amongst other things, they believed that the earth was flat.3) No one even knows who wrote Genesis. I fail to see why they should be taken as... ahem... gospel.4) Everything word written in Genesis is beyond ridiculous. For example the passage: ""then God said ""Let there be light!""."" which is quite strange really as it was before he created the sun, moon and stars.I could go on but I think I've made my point."	AGAINST
4885	creation	"The notion that science ""assume{s} that their(sic) is no creator and then prove it"" is plainly ridiculous.By ""consistant"" we mean that the behavior of the universe cannot vary without some physical manifestation. By rational we mean that the order of the universe is discernable. This is entirely within the edict of Scripture.You pretend to have ""a list of scientific assumptions a mile lone(sic).""So, your first effort was a flop. How about making the next ""mile."""	AGAINST
4886	creation	...we absolutely exclude natural selection as a designer!the real trick is convincing the public that macro-evolution is a scientific fact when it has never been observed which is a requirement for science.I don't know where you get your information but I don't know any ID people who include non-ID as part of their belief system.Lets do this sir. Lets bring it home to where we live. If the human body is not an intelligent design then you tell me what is the definition for an intelligent design.'WHAT' IS A INTELLIGENT DESIGN AND 'WHY' IS YOUR EXAMPLE AN INTELLIGENT DESIGN?   simple straight forward question.what is your simple straight forward answer?                   bet you can't do it	FAVOR
4887	creation	is a common creationist position which misunderstand that most mutations are mostly neutral, few are strongly detrimental and some are beneficial. Now remember that the definition of the effect of mutations depends strongly on the environment, and that what is beneficial or detrimental or neutral in one environment can take on a different 'shape' in another environment.In general, mutations or more commonly known as variations, are incredibly important for evolution, since without such variation, evolution would not be able to do much of anything. So, in fact, variation is an important component to evolutionary theory and mutations are one way of variation to increase, but other mechanisms such as recombination can also increase the variation in the species by mixing and matching parts of genomes.This is one reason why Behe's claims about the edge of evolution are so poorly supported by fact and theory. Behe argues for instance that evolution is unable to explain two or more mutations because he insists that they have to happen at the same time. His argument is that intermediates do not exist and if they do, they do not have any beneficial advantage and thus are impervious to selection. So let's explore this with an example in which a mutation A and B are necessary for a particular beneficial event to happen (such as malaria resistance) and lets assume that A and B by themselves have near neutral fitness contributions in a particular environment. In Behe's world, this would mean that a population either has AB mutation or neither A nor B. However in reality, we know that populations exhibit a significant variability in which there will be some that will have a mutation A and others a mutation B but since these mutations are by themselves neutral, they can only spread to fixation via drift. This means small populations or a bottle neck or a selective sweep.However since A or B are already part of a subset of the population, all they need is another mutation event B or A, to suddenly expose a strongly selective advantage. The probability of such an event can be increased when A or B has come to fixation piggy backing on another selective event.Not only does this affect Behe's simplistic calculcations but in real life we actually have evidence of the existence of the many intermediates between no resistance to  to full resistance. In other words, we can observe the individual steps through which this resistance could have evolved. In other words, the suggestion that intermediates are without any selective value is shown to be erroneous.As to gene duplication and co-option, the reason why we see evolution re-using so many 'modules' is simple. Evolving a system of n components can reduce to a log(n) time when modules are re-used. So in case of 1000 components, this would reduce the time  from O(n) to O(log n) or from 10^n to n. Not a bad reduction in time would you not agree? This was what Herbert Simon argued in his early 20th century papers on complexity and modularity. And one should not be surprised that we have found at many levels of life, that scale free networks and hierarchical networks govern. 	AGAINST
4888	creation	 I think you'll find there is. And rather a lot of it too.	AGAINST
4889	creation	1. lacking ordinary quickness and keenness of mind; dull.2. characterized by or proceeding from mental dullness; foolish; senseless: a stupid question.3. tediously dull, esp. due to lack of meaning or sense; inane; pointless: a stupid party.4. annoying or irritating; troublesome: Turn off that stupid radio.5. in a state of stupor; stupefied: stupid from fatigue.6. Slang. excellent; terrific.yes I must say, to deny scientific fact which is backed by huge amounts of evidence is indeed quite STUPID. I know plenty of religious people who completely believe in evolution, and this is possible because religion and evolution are compatible. Science and religion will ultimately not be compatible, but like I said religion and evolution are completely compatible. To deny evolution because of ancient scripts which are almost entirely untrue is a bit stupid.	AGAINST
4890	creation	"What's a ""Darwinist?"" Can someone who says that the other side is mishandling terms really afford to label someone as ""Darwinist?"" I neither worship Darwin nor accept his writings as absolute truth. ID, on the other hand, may be compatible with a wide range of faiths, but they don't seem terribly interested. The only proponents of ID I've ever spoken with are Christian. If there was the presence of an Intelligent Designer, who else would it matter to? Pantheists don't care; they already think the world's workings are in harmony according to overlapping plans. Agnostics are noncommittal about the designer, not the least because there's no proof of intelligent design. So all of those meet science without presuppositions and with respect for what is real.The Abrahamic religions center most strongly around a judgemental god. If there were not the idea of judgement, would the possibility of an intelligence with the power to create life even matter? It's only the idea that this is the god that humanity answers to that makes Christians push for the reality of ID's design and the idea that it should be proselytized."	AGAINST
4891	creation	If you believe in god (which one?) and god gave you the brains to think, then use your brains and follow the evidence.The universe is around 13.7 billion years old, our planet is about 4.7 billion years old, our current human species is somewhere around 150,000 years old.Very primitive books written by humans for humans in the region of the world that around the current Israel that record how these primitive people viewed the universe is nothing more than interesting history.Be aware that while these primitive books were written, highly sophisticated societies existed in other places of the world.The reality is that we do not need a god to explain anything all the way to the big bang.Here is an example of primitive thinking (as in lack of reasoning) that many apologists use:1. The sun goes up in the morning2. I can hear the cock crow every day before the sun comes up3. It is the cock who makes the sun come up in the morning, no need to think anymorePlease use your brains, even if you think they are god given...	AGAINST
4892	creation	"Are we really arrogant enough to think that a day to us equals a day to God? The thing is, the Bible never says how long a ""day"" is. I'm a fairly strong Christian (Episcopalian), but at the same time, I realize we need to read the Bible with a heck of a lot of common sense, and realize that a lot of the terms in the Bible are very metaphorical. Does that mean my interpretations are exactly correct? I'm not saying they are. I have to read it in such a way that I can make it all make sense to me. Do I pretend to know the age of the earth? No, nobody knows the age of the earth and we never will. It also doesn't help that you have sleazy con-men like Kent Hovind (who has a fake doctoral degree, and is a tax evader and federal criminal) endorsing such an idea. That makes the whole thing seem even more ridiculous. If I'm going to believe something, it better not be the ideas of a criminal. "	AGAINST
4893	creation	 It is very wrong we didn't evolve from apes	FAVOR
4894	creation	The theory behind evolution is not that an organism evolves during its lifetime, but that the species evolves over thousands, if not millions, of years or generations. Evolution takes time, survival of the fittest, and genetic variation, among other things.	AGAINST
4895	creation	 Wow. Do you really think that a theory with NO evidence would be as widely recognized in the science world (and the rest of the world as well)? That doesn't make any sense.  There's a lot of evidence, I'm just not going to give examples because that would take a long time.  But really, how would such a  controversial theory (especially at the time it was proposed) get as far as it did with no evidence?	AGAINST
4896	creation	 They all kinds of evidence that evolution exists.  What are you suggesting?  That we were just here?	AGAINST
4897	creation	"---Okay, letÃ•s start with how ID tries to infer design, namely by using the Design Inference. In order for something to be designed, it needs to be Ã”specifiedÃ• and sufficiently Ã”complexÃ•. So what is really meant by these terms? Specification basically means that there exists an independent description of the event or system, and as Dembski points out in biology Ã”specificationÃ• is trivially met by function. So what about Ã”complexityÃ•? Unlike the more common meaning of the term, complexity in ID speak refers to something which cannot (yet) be explained by regularity and/or chance. When these requirements are met, a design inference is triggered. In other words, a design inference bascially states that something functional whose origin we do not (yet) understand and is thus specified and complex, is also Ã”designedÃ•. Or to use Del RatzschÃ•s description: Design is the Ã’set theoretic complement of the disjunction regularity-or-chance. Ã’. This clearly qualifiies as an argument from ignorance, also known as a Ã”gap argumentÃ•.So far so good, Intelligent Design is inferred based on our ignorance not because of what we know. So how do ID activists make the claim that ID is based on Ã”positive evidenceÃ•? After all, it seems self evident that ID cannot make any predictions or that it is based on Ã”positive evidenceÃ•. After all, without knowing the intentions or capabilities of the Designer, how can one make any predictions? Anything goesÃ‰---As to the scientific vacuity, Ryan Nichols states it best--Ryan Nichols--In my argument against Intelligent Design Theory I will not contend that it is not falsifiable or that it implies contradictions. IÃ•ll argue that Intelligent Design Theory doesnÃ•t imply anything at all, i.e. it has no content. By Ã”contentÃ• I refer to a body of determinate principles and propositions entailed by those principles. By Ã”principleÃ• I refer to a proposition of central importance to the theory at issue. By Ã”determinate principleÃ• I refer to a proposition of central importance to the theory at issue in which the extensions of its terms are clearly defined. IÃ•ll evaluate the work of William Dembski because he specifies his methodology in detail, thinks Intelligent Design Theory is contentful and thinks Intelligent Design Theory (hereafter Ã”IDTÃ•) grounds an empirical research program. Later in the paper I assess a recent trend in which IDT is allegedly found a better home as a metascientific hypothesis, which serves as a paradigm that catalyzes research. IÃ•ll conclude that, whether IDT is construed as a scientific or metascientific hypothesis, IDT lacks content.--Source: Ryan Nichols, ""Scientific content, testability, and the vacuity of intelligent design theory"", The American Catholic philosophical quarterly, 2003, vol. 77, no4, pp. 591-611From my contribution at         "	AGAINST
4898	creation	"Your right... evolution does not ""neccasarilly contradict intellegent design""... that is if you interpret the Holy Bible in a way which favors that point of view... but I have noticed something in the field of Bible interpretations... they are inconsistent. You can basically start reading the Bible with ANY built-in bias... and it can be read in a way which supports that bias (which are usually conceived through emotion... not rational thinking) If you are a Christian... it basically comes down to which bias makes you feel better... which, I'm sorry, is not good enough for me.""Aithiests believe that there IS NO GOD, not that God is ""nothing""""Nothing"" is definitely an overwhelming word... maybe this definition will clear things up...noth?ing??/?n????/ Show Spelled Pronunciation [nuhth-ing] Show IPA  3. something that is nonexistent. "	AGAINST
4899	creation	"Why would God explain this only to ""a semi-literate group of ancient nomads, with no understanding of the cosmos or the world outside of their little   society  ""? Why not give an updated version to modern Jewish or Christian or Islamic scholars? Surely all three groups today include people who understand  geology, astronomy and biology on a rather more comprehensive level than the iron-age authors of Genesis?In fact, being all-powerful, why be limited to the understanding of the writers? At least, if you can create the world, surely you can inspire sentences like ""And the quickness of light shall be found to be always the same relative to the one who looketh; And behold, the quickness of the light when multiplied by itself and the true weight of matter equals the amount of force that went into its making"". Now, an iron-age scribe pondering over the true meaning of those words would have been an argument for divine inspiration."	AGAINST
4900	creation	"In answering your questions, I will try to keep on point.1.  You never responded to my comment:  When Crick said molecular machines appear designed but are not, he was never castigated for being ""unscientific."" If some one responds and says those molecular machines are designed, they are harshly criticized for being ""unscientific."" Why?2.  You write ID is merely a negative argument.  I don't know about that (Luskin's article) but is it not normal in scientific discourse to point out the weakness of a theory and then argue against it on the failure to explain away the weakness?3.  Design fails to place Ã”designÃ• at risk.  This is partially true.  If and when the arguments are answered, such as how DNA evolved, the flagellum, etc., then the ID argument becomes weaker and weaker, as it should.  The reverse should also be true.  Until that time many of itÃ•s arguments seem to be the most reasonable inference based on the evidence as we understand it today. 4.  How can ID be tested?  DonÃ•t know how we can test Cricks statement that molecular machines appear to be designed but are not.  Or that evolution is a process involving randomness and natural selection.  Has that been tested?  Still a good question and I believe Luskin has addressed that.  It was obviously not to your satisfaction but it looked okay to me.  What do you disagree with in that part of LuskinÃ•s article?5.  You say itÃ•s a fact that regularity and chance processes can increase information and complexity.  This may be true, but not to the order of magnitude required for a single protein, not to mention the information involved in DNA.  IÃ•ve heard about the computer programs, pros and cons.6.  Not sure what you mean by bait and switch.7.  You last statement, I am assuming you know how ID has defined the concepts of 'design' and 'information' and that they are at odds with how science typically defines such terms or how the layperson may interpret such terms?   I am just not sure what you mean.  IÃ•ve read about the specified complexity argument.  Not sure what you mean by at odds with design.Finally, I just want to say that it appears to me that statements made against ID and their proponents -- made by others, not you -- regarding ID has been so emotionally charged it makes me feel their judgment is affected.  It seems that itÃ•s a very powerful argument to say if something appears designed, it may be because it is designed.  Some make the statement it may appear designed but it is not.  If that is so, whereÃ•s the proof?  "	FAVOR
4901	creation	"""Hilarious.""Yeah, I probably shouldn't emulate something that distorts the truth so much. And YES, I'm referring to the talk origins index to creationist claims. ;D""The truth will do that to you????""Seeing that people throw it away altogether does make me wonder if what I'm doing is worth the time. And yes, I'm referring to the ""TTSS makes flagellum reducibily complex"" argument. ""Nope. We are ridiculing the ridiculous.""Whatever that means....""The ""negative argument"" that ""   evolution   cannot explain that"" is ridiculous.""But what about your opinion on ID?"	FAVOR
4902	creation	ID can be scientifically relevant if it were to take the scientific approaches used by real science, such as criminology which uses means, motives, opportunities etc. It is simple to show that ID is without content by showing how ID proponents refuse to answer the simple questionHow does ID explain the bacterial flagella?Chirp, chirp.Yes, it matters if something arose throuugh agency or not, the problem is that ID's chosen method has doomed it to remain without content.As to your claims about DNA, and RNA, your claims are at best wishful thinking. Science has done far more for our understanding here than ID will ever do.How does ID explain DNA or RNA? Let me guess, it's that poof thing again.	AGAINST
4903	creation	"--SChen--Finally, to claim that ID has no secular purposes that are not shams is quite a claim to make. You have, by making his claim, accepted the responsibility to find every possibly secular purpose of ID and demostrate with little doubt why it is a sham.---Not really, one has but to look at what ID claims the so called secular purposes of ID are, they all center around the fallacious belief  that ID is a scientifically relevant concept. Sure, DI can dream up yet another purpose, and they have ""academic freedom"" and when such purposes surface they can be quickly put to rest. Remember that the law is not interested in what ID could possibly be, but rather what it is argued to be. Sure, ID could have a yet to be uncovered valid secular purpose, but so far the ones proposed where all shown to be without merit.--Judge JonesAny asserted secular purposes by the Board are a sham and are merely secondary to a religious objective. McCreary, 125 S. Ct. at 2735; accord, e.g., Santa Fe, 530 U.S. at 308 (Ã’it is . . . the duty of the courts to Ã”distinguish a sham secular purpose from a sincere one.Ã•Ã“ (citation omitted)); Edwards, 482 U.S. at 586-87 (Ã’While the Court is normally deferential to a StateÃ•s articulation of a secular purpose, it is required that the statement of such purpose be sincere and not a sham.Ã“). DefendantsÃ• previously referenced flagrant and insulting falsehoods to the Court provide sufficient and compelling evidence for us to deduce that any allegedly secular purposes that have been offered in support of the ID Policy are equally insincere.Accordingly, we find that the secular purposes claimed by the Board amount to a pretext for the BoardÃ•s real purpose, which was to promote religion in the public school classroom, in violation of the Establishment Clause.---And the judge put to rest any hope that ID may have some scientific relevance that is not a sham        #p121The Discovery Institute proposed, in their amicus filings, several reasons why ID has a valid secular purpose, none withstood the scrutiny of law."	AGAINST
4904	creation	 Of course they're nonsense.  Theistic evolution is nonsense for the same reason. :)	AGAINST
4905	creation	"Hello Richard,I admire your wealth in cash funds.  That being the kinder way to explain you chasing my comments all over the Internet in order to add hateful and irrational comments about whatever I've written.Your statements about Objectivism are without any meaning of any kind until you define the word ""religion"" which you apply to a philosophy of reason, not faith, of this world, not supernaturalism, of morality, not the sacrifice of a deity in order to save sinful mankind, of disbelief in God, not abject theism.  If you want anyone, including yourself, to know what you are talking about, define your key terms.Oh, and while you are at it, consult a reliable text on logic, on reasoning fallacies, on epistemology...because, if you think that Ayn Rand's Objectivism does not rest on proof, you have a gap in your knowledge of what constitutes proof and how one goes about establishing it.Don't be so angry and hasty, Robert.  You are not a sinner, don't behave like one."	AGAINST
4906	creation	 There is positive evidence against macroevolution.  / Whether or not evidence convinces anyone is irrelevant, it just has to be real and demonstrable. Some of the atheotards around here will never accept any evidence of any kind that disagrees with their aetheist beliefs, that doesn't mean that the evidence isn't factually real, only that they carry a ridiculous bias.	FAVOR
4907	creation	"When the Supreme Court formulated 'valid secular purpose which is not a sham', the court unlikely believed that any future, unstated secular purpose would be sufficient for something to pass this requirement. That would make the rule unenforceable. Instead, one has to go from what the arguments presented are.Now if the DI believes that some valid secular purpose may exist, then it is up to them to present said claims. I understand that ""academic freedom"" is their latest variant to avoid dealing with the fact that ID is without scientific content."	AGAINST
4908	creation	"""Evolutionary theories (the Ã’big bangÃ“ hypothesis, for instance)""The Big Bang Theory is not an ""evolutionary theory."" Please learn about the things you attempt to talk about.It's ridiculous that you are considered, ""Expert Verified,"" when you try to use a misleading and false blanket term like ""evolutionary theories."""	AGAINST
4909	creation	Atheism is merely the lack of theistic belief, and it offers nothing beyond that. It exists as a social movement only because arrogant and self-righteous theism is so rampant in this country. If most everyone accepted the lack of religion as readily as they accepted red hair or tattoos, atheism as a movement would cease to exist.If you're looking for a catalyst for a happier life, you'd need to look elsewhere. There are atheistic philosophies that can fill such a gap. Secular humanism is my favorite, but there are atheistic spiritual traditions, including subsets of Taoism and Confucianism.	AGAINST
4910	creation	Just as advances in genetic and protein research and mathematics are enabling us to understand and explain how evolution works, a growing number of our society are rejecting science in favor of myth and fake science.Is it that people are losing touch with science because of its complexity; our education system is letting us down; the quality of our news sources is deteriorating; or informative (and could have been enlightening) books like Ã’A New Kind of ScienceÃ“ are so poorly written?	AGAINST
4911	creation	--Judge Jones--Although we have found that Defendants' conduct conveys a strong message of endorsement of the Board members' par ticular religious view, pursuant to the endorsement test, the better practice in this Circuit is for this Court to also evaluate the challenged conduct separately under the Lemon test.18 See Child Evangelism, 386 F.3d at 530-35; Modrovich, 385 F.3d at 406; Freethought, 334 F.3d at 261.As articulated by the Supreme Court, under the Lemon test, a government-sponsored message violates the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment if: (1) it does not have a secular purpose; (2) its principal or primary effect advances or inhibits religion; or (3) it creates an excessive entanglement of the government with religion. Lemon, 403 U.S. at 612-13. As the Lemon test is disjunctive, either an improper purpose or an improper effect renders the ID Policy invalid under the Establishment Clause.19We will therefore consider whether (1) Defendants' primary purpose was to advance religion or (2) the ID Policy has the primary effect of promoting religion.--Timothy Sandefur discusses the response by Discovery Institute Fellows, pointing us to an essay by Peter Irons                %20Response.pdf	AGAINST
4912	creation	Although I firmly believe in evolution, it is only a theory, and even though theories have evidence and are backed up with facts, they are not 100% true and can probably never really be proven, like the Big Bang Theory. But just because something is a theory does not mean people cannot believe in it; I personally believe in both evolution and the Big Bang.	FAVOR
4913	creation	"""Yet it demonstrated a radical   change   over the comparatively short span of twenty years.""Time is not as relevant in evolutionary theory as is the number of generations that reproduce.  Over the span of 20 years Lenski attempted to evolve 40,000 generations of e. coli, which is the equivalent of 1.2 million years for humans (e. coli can create 6.64 generations per day, the equivalent of 166 years for humans).  Essentially then, the e. coli had 1.2 million years to change into a new species via natural selection and random mutation.  Evolutionary theory claims that the past 1.2 million years of our history has included not just one but at least three examples of speciation via random mutation and natural selection.  The e. coli did not undergo any speciation even though it is a much simpler organism.  Lenski's study failed to find support for evolutionary theory.  It did find support for change over time, but change over time is something that no ID theorist denies.""can you describe an experiment similar to the Lenski experiment that could be used to test ID?""Signature in the Cell by Stephen Meyer is the best source I know that you could turn to for an answer.  ""What experiment could be performed to show the action of a designer?""An analysis of the coded language within DNA, as well as any examination of irreducibly complex systems in an organism.  It is not the scientific community's belief that we must see a designer designing in order to infer design.  Otherwise, you and I would have no idea if Lenski ever designed his experiment since we never actually observed him doing so."	FAVOR
4914	creation	Maths is the only branch of science that offers 100% proof of its arguments. Evolution while backed up by a massive amount of evidence could never be proved beyond all doubt as there is always the chance that evidence has been misinterpreted. People used to believe that the world was flat and look what happened to that idea! Ok so science has come a long way since then but we still have huge bias in the fossil record and gaps in our knowledge that will probably never be filled. We will never be completely sure.	AGAINST
4915	creation	 Just judging from the question, obviously the OP hasn't got even a high school understanding of what evolution is.  It's no wonder that you people don't get it, you're uneducated.	AGAINST
4916	creation	"--IDNET--To comment on whether ID has merit or not, it is minimally necessary that people be properly informed of the arguments involved. Instead of informing us, the NCSE keeps telling us ""ID is religion"" and ""Scientists think ID is silly"". How about engaging with the arguments.--Many people including the NCSE have been involved addressing the arguments. So let's not pretend that no such argument exist. Of course, ID proponents have generally avoided dealing with these objections.Now that's the rest of the story"	AGAINST
4917	creation	"--TJ10--It is the scientific evidence that is important. If the evidence points to an ""unscientific"" worldview, then maybe, just maybe, the worldview of naturalism could be wrong? That is a distinct possibility you know. Scientists take it as a given when it is not a given.--In fact, scientists do not take the worldview of naturalism as a given, but rather use a _method_ of methodological naturalism to guide them in their scientific research and hypothesis forming. Now, ID proponents have systematically represented the issue erroneously as naturalism when it is methodological naturalism, a confusion started with Philip Johnson. Even though Denis Lamoureux attempted to educate Phil, it seems that the damage was done.In the recent movie, ""Expelled"" the claim is made by Stein that it ""Ã’appears Darwinism does lead to atheism.Ã“As Schloss explains in his 33 page review, this is an important claim and it is wrong--This is a hugely important claim, which is undoubtedly the core issue in the cultural debate over ID. It is the reason the ID movement musters such passionate commitment and why it is, in fact, a Ã’movementÃ“ at all. In the movie, ID proponent Jeffrey Schwartz concludes, Ã’The conflict over the principles of evolution has become a religious war; it is no longer a conflict over science.Ã“ Whether or not the debate was ever primarily over science, the film is correct in identifying it as being a world-view conflict that is largely religious in character. The question we desperately need to address is whether this is a conflict that must be fought, and what is the evidence presented in the movie for going to battle? Does Darwinism Ã’lead to atheismÃ“?--Concluding --And even if Expelled wanted to take a very strong stand on an extreme answer to the questions, that would have been stimulating. But the stand seems to have been taken, without letting in the questions. At least on this question Ã Ã’does evolution lead to atheism?Ã“ - the movie seems to have forgotten the Proverb. I donÃ•t happen to think all ID theorists are intellectual terrorists. But ironically, in failing to distinguish genuine enemies of religion from passionate advocates of evolutionary theory Ã by pitting itself against the evil empire of Darwinism Ã this part of the film seems to confirm the very stereotype it seeks to debunk.--PS the proverb referenced is ""When the banner unfurls, all reason is in the trumpet.Ã“ - Ukrainian Proverb"	AGAINST
4918	creation	"Ricardo, The Bible was definitely written as is.  All those horrible things you wrote were correct and they definitely happened.  I think it was put there on purpose because it was meant to show to the world/readers the cause and effects of   sin  , of rebellion against God, and that the reason God came to this earth (Jesus) was to save each one of us.  Had the Bible were written with only beautiful and perfect sceneries or stories, I wouldn't have believed it.  But millions throughout the centuries could then relate to the events written in it because they had been ""there"" as well.   Suppose you are reading an Owner's Manual for a car or vehicle, etc.  I copied and pasted the following from a Camry Owner Manual:[Seat belts must also be worn by expectant mothers: the risk of injury in the case of accident is much greater for them and their unborn child too if they do not have a seat belt on....][Placing a cradle child seat's in front during inflation could cause serious injury...]If all you focus is on the negatives and if you are not seeing the big picture, you probably will never be driving a car in your life.  The Bible was written as is, because otherwise it will be one-sided, no one believes a one-sided story.I suggest you to read the Bible in its entirety.  The bestselling book in the history of the world that brought changes into people's lives.  It is a love story that God came to this world to save us from the destructive sin."	FAVOR
4919	creation	"Richard Dawkins and Victor Stenger argue that the existence of a creative super-intelligence or God are scientific questions.""the presence or absence of a creative super-intelligence is unequivocally a scientific question."" - The God Delusion by Richard Dawkins, p. 58-59.""The process I will follow is the scientific method of hypothesis testing.  The existence of God will be taken as a scientific hypothesis and the consequences of that hypothesis searched for in objective observations of the world around us.  Various models will be assumed in which God has specific attributes that can be tested empirically.  That is, if a God with such attributes exists, certain phenomena should be observable."" - God: The Failed Hypothesis by Victor Stenger, p. 17-18.Do these scientists not understand the difference between science and non-science?"	FAVOR
4920	creation	 The one that suits it's current environment surveys and grow up to breed. The parents pass on their traits (Thick shell, Bigger claws, etc) to their offspring. Eventually the traits change the species changing it into another. Over millions of years of course.	AGAINST
4921	creation	" I think evolution is a far better explanation than the idea that the world is 5000 years old and there's a guy-in-the-sky. Like most scientific theories is not 100% defensible, but on a balance of probabilities, it is the most likely scenario.   />   /> The problem with this debate is that it falls easily into a debate on the existence of God. It is important to note that Evolution could be wrong or right whether God exists or not - in other words, the two arguments, while related, are not identical. Furthermore, an argument on God's existence fails often because it is an argument where one side brings arguments based on logic, whereas the other relies on feelings and more esoteric ""reasoning"". Evolution is simply a scientific theory and there is no reason why the counterarguments to Evolution shouldn't be scientific.  />   /> While I concede that Evolution theory may be false, at least in some minute details, overall is, in my view, the best and most convincing theory we have to explain our world. That is why I accept it."	AGAINST
4922	creation	"In my previous post, I discussed by the AUSCS's arguments were flawed--both factually and logically.  Here, I want to discuss the matter of teaching and discussing intelligent design and whether this is constitutional or not.So what about intelligent design and the US Constitution?  Is it too religious?  Is it scientific?  Well, I hate to break it to the scientists here, but lawyers, judges, and constitutional law scholars don't care if something is scientific.  What they do use to judge whether a statute (claimed to be religious) is constitutional or not is the Lemon Test, a test that was born out of the 1971 case Lemon v. Kurtzman.  The Lemon Test brings a three-prong test to the debate.  They are:1. The statute must have a secular purpose.2. The statute must not have the primary purpose of advancing or inhibiting any religion.3. The statute must not result in the ""excessive entanglement"" between government and religion.If the statute fails any one of the three prongs, it fails the test.  Let's see how teaching/discussing intelligent design in public schools stacks up.1. Secular Purpose.  Note that this calls for the statute to have a secular purpose.  It does not ban the statute from having a religious purpose, it merely requires a secular one.  Does teaching/discussing ID have a secular purpose?  It has many.  For example, discussing ID can help students expand horizons.  It teaches students to think critically.  There are many others.  I remember in the eighth grade, when we had to learn about the Moon Hoax as a part of science class.  Whether it was right or wrong, whether it was wise to teach it, is all up for debate.  But it IS constitutional to discuss it in science class.2. Advancing and Inhibiting Any Religion.  It's hard to argue that teaching or discussing intelligent design advances any one religion.  After all, every religion (except for secular humanism, which the Supreme Court ruled as a religion in Torcaso v. Watkins) subscribes to the idea that life on earth was designed.  As for inhibiting religion--to make this case, you would have to argue that teaching or discussing intelligent design resulted in a ban on teaching or discussion evolution.  I don't see that happening.  In fact, the Discovery Institute has opposed measures to remove evolution from science curricula.  ID-proponents believe that evolution needs to be taught.  In fact, ID-proponents believe that all of evolution should be taught--both strengths AND weaknesses.  That is critical analysis--which, contrary to what evolutionists may say, is quite different that teaching creationism.  (How they confuses thinking critically with teaching creationism, I don't know.)3. Excessive Entanglement.  This is a tricky matter because it is difficult to pinpoint which circumstances would dictate excessive entanglement.  However, the ACLU mentioned one possible scenario in their brief submitted to Judge Jones.  They claim that if ID was presented in class and a student asked ""who was the designer?"" there is nothing that prevents the teacher from saying ""God.""  There are a few problems with this.First, as it stands now, there is nothing that prevents the teacher from saying ""God created all of you.""  Of course, he or she could be fired, but you could also fire them after answer ""God"" to the question of who is the designer.  Second, the teacher could just as well say ""we won't discuss that in class"" instead of answering ""God.""  Again, as things stand now, there's nothing to stop a student from raising his or her hand and saying ""I don't believe in evolution, I believe God made us.""  If this happens, we are in the same boat.  Finally, the ACLU claims that the teachers in Dover (and across America) don't want ID in their classroom.  They claim that these teachers are evolutionists.  If this is the case--then someone please explain to me why they would answer ""God"" to the question ""who was the designer?""  It doesn't make any sense.So in sum, no, a statute on teaching or discussing intelligent design leads to excessive entanglement between government and religion.  It engages religion less than a discussion on the reformation does in a history class.All in all, teaching or discussing intelligent design in a public school science class is not unconstitutional.  It passes all constitutional tests.  Again, it is important to remember that the question at hand is one dealing with the US Constitution.  It is a matter of law, NOT science.  The AUSCS began and ended their piece talking about ID on shaky scientific grounds.  It is no wonder they believe ID to be unconstitutional--they are using scientific methods to measure the constitution."	FAVOR
4923	creation	"In order to better understand Intelligent Design, it is important to appreciate how it abuses and conflates terminologies. For instance, ID claims that science is unable to explain 'design' and yet it appeals to science being able to explain design as evidence that ID has content.Let's look at the argument in more detail:---Ã’In all irreducibly complex systems in which the cause of the system is known by experience or observation, intelligent design or engineering played a role [in] the origin of the system.Ã“ ---Now remember that complexity refers to our absence to understand how to explain something, and that the statement basically states that ""when we do not understand something"" and it is 'irreducible' then it must be designed. However, we do know that natural pathways to irreducibly complex systems exist, of course, since these pathways are natural, the complexity disappears. However, the same applies when we provide a design explanation.In order for the design inference to be reliable, ID has to be able to show that there are no false positives. And yet we know that historically, people have erroneously assigned design and designers to thunder and lightning, disease, natural disasters, solar eclipses and so on, so the claim that design inferences are reliable is flawed. Now, the mere fact that design inferences are not reliable, does not mean that science cannot use design inferences reliably. But for that science assigns a plausible positive hypothesis which can compete with other explanations. For instance in criminology we look at means, motives and opportunities, combined with eye-witnesses, alibis and physical evidence to generate a plausible hypothesis which can establish ""beyond reasonable doubt"" the guilt or innocence. These forms of design as known as regular design as opposed to rarefied design. In an excellent paper Wilkins et al explain the differences (1)--he second way that the inconsistency can be resolved is as we have already indicated, by recognizing a distinction between ordinary design and rarefied design. For those events where our background information includes information about how agents or processes produce events of high probability, we would assign those to the HP category and explain them with reference to regularity. This would preserve a place for a class of rarefied design in the Explanatory Filter, but Dembski's earlier arguments about design indicating agent causation because his Explanatory Filter captures our usual means of recognizing design would only apply to the class of ordinary design, not the desired rarefied design. It is only by the attempt to inconsistently treat agent causation as a privileged hypothesis that Dembski can (erroneously) claim that ordinary design and rarefied design share a node on the Explanatory Filter.--In other words, instances of rarefied design, since they cannot really compete with the ""we don't know"" explanation, cannot be assigned the category of 'design'.Notice how ID manages by bait and switch to claim both that ID provides an alternative explanation to scientific explanations as well as that ID uses the same scientific approaches as science to make its case. Needless to say, it is trivial to point out the inherent contradiction and show that because of this conflation, ID attempts to claim that it uses similar approaches to science to infer design. However, even a cursory scrutiny of their claims quickly reveals that ID relies not on a scientific approach of providing positive explanations and hypothesis, but rather on elimination and since they refuse to present any way to constrain their designer and thus the design, they are unable to compete with our ignorance.Needless to say, science has found that such simple mechanisms as regularity and chance can in fact increase information and complexity and create what is called in ID parlance ""specified complexity"" in the same manner as ID claims that 'designers' can create such complexity.Finally, it is worth pointing out that ID refuses to admit that there exists a theory which outcompetes their preferred 'single designer' thesis, and shows that a hypothesis of ""multiple designers"" explains the data much better. The unwillingness and inability to address even the simple alternative, shows that ID is more concerned about its religious position than about science.Ask yourself: What has ID done in a non trivial manner, that increases our scientific understanding in a positive manner? Nothing, in fact, it has attempted to downplay scientific knowledge, misrepresent scientific findings, to further its case. More on the latter part in a future contribution.(1) Wilkins, John S, and Wesley R Elsberry. 2001. The advantages of theft over toil: the design inference and arguing from ignorance. Biology and Philosophy 16 (November):711-724."	AGAINST
4924	creation	 It is only belief. No one has any real evidence.	AGAINST
4925	creation	I recently read that after careful study the 'backwards' wiring is essential.. - something to do with cooling? I really can't recall...but considering I don't have a citation to give you - or a link.. what's it matter.But anyway..I heard a list of reasons that our eyes for functional reasons are wired differently (front to back) I'm sure if you cared to seek them out - you'll find the defense for such 'mistakes'.. it's your dime.Also.. In man's arrogance he assumes that anything he hasn't found a use or reason for must not have a use or reason... remember junk DNA..... not junk.  Remember the 'useless' appendix... not useless.  Your view that accidental nature is a great designer is what is nonsense.... Funny how man is scrambling to find any 1 thing they can point to as a 'bad design'... that in itself shows that the design is if anything near perfect.   But what's it matter -   evolution  .. a theory without mechanism.. can design anything!   	FAVOR
4926	creation	"The DI is quick to argue that Jones overstepped its bound by declaring ID not be scientific even though both the plaintiffs and the defendants insisted that the Judge address this because the existence of a valid secular purpose which is not a sham is an important aspect in determining if something is unconstitutional--Judge Jones--Defendants Presented No Convincing Evidence that They were Motived by Any Valid Secular PurposeAlthough Defendants attempt to persuade this Court that each Board member who voted for the biology curriculum change did so for the secular purposed of improving science education and to exercise critical thinking skills, their contentions are simply irreconcilable with the record evidence. Their asserted purposes are a sham, and they are accordingly unavailing, for the reasons that follow.We initially note that the Supreme Court has instructed that while courts are ""normally deferential to a State's articulation of a secular purpose, it is required that the statement of such purpose be sincere and not a sham."" Edwards, 482 U.S. at 586-87 (citing Wallace, 472 U.S. at 64)(Powell, J., concurring); id. at 75 (O'Connor, J., concurring in judgment) . Although as noted Defendants have consistently asserted that the ID Policy was enacted for the secular purposes of improving science education and encouraging students to exercise critical thinking skills, the Board took none of the steps that school officials would take if these stated goals had truly been their objective. The Board consulted no scientific materials. The Board contacted no scientists or scientific organizations. The Board failed to consider the views of the District's science teachers. The Board relied solely on legal advice from two organizations with demonstrably religious, cultural, and legal missions, the Discovery Institute and the TMLC. Moreover, Defendants' asserted secular purpose of improving science education is belied by the fact that most if not all of the Board members who voted in favor of the biology curriculum change conceded that they still do not know, nor have they ever known, precisely what ID is. To assert a secular purpose against this backdrop is ludicrous.---Which is why the Judge concluded in his section on ""Is Intelligent Design Science""--Judge Jones--To conclude and reiterate, we express no opinion on the ultimate veracity of ID as a supernatural explanation. However, we commend to the attention of those who are inclined to superficially consider ID to be a true ""scientific"" alternative to evolution without a true understanding of the concept the foregoing detailed analysis. It is our view that a reasonable, objective observer would, after reviewing both the voluminous record in this case, and our narrative, reach the inescapable conclusion that ID is an interesting theological argument, but that it is not science.--Of course ID proponents are quick to raise the demarcation argument while failing to recognize that while it may be hard to define strict rules as to what is and is not science in advance, it is quite possible to recognize that ID fails to be scientifically relevant a posteriori."	AGAINST
4927	creation	"This is so because it has been proven. ""And odd plus and odd equals an even."" Yes, it's a mathematical postulate that seems fairly self-authenticating, however, there is a proof for it. Just like there is a proof for every other mathematical postulate. No postulate is ""just there."" They ALL have their associated proofs, no matter how trivial they might seem. "	AGAINST
4928	creation	"1) Without a scientific definition of ""natural"", scientists cannot distinguish between natural explanations and supernatural ones.  Since they cannot make this distinction, they lack a scientifically-based justification for insisting that supernatural explanations be kept out of science.2) When actually doing science, scientists do not care if their explanations are natural.  Their only concern is if an explanation leads to predictions.  The predictive power is all that matters in science.  A supernatural explanation that leads to accurate predictions is better for science than a natural explanation that does not lead to accurate predictions.  Conceptions of ""natural"" and ""supernatural"" are relevant only in philosophy.3) ""Everything that exists"" is the only adequate definition of ""natural"" that I have been given by someone opposed to religion.  If this is a proper definition, then God and/or the intelligent designer would be natural according to science.  Therefore, anti-IDists' ""It-Uses-The-Supernatural-To-Explain"" argument would be moot."	FAVOR
4929	creation	First off, the human Eye did not pop into existence by chance, it is the result of billions of years worth of   evolution  ... a process by which slight mutations (changes in the structure) proved advantageous and were passed down, leading to more complex structures.I'm not sure how ID has been demonstrated by genetics and statistics... however you are avoiding the big question that ID raises.   If life is to complex to exist without a designer, then that designer cannot be a living thing.  If the designer is not a living thing then what is it?  What was the designers intentions, where is the designer now?  What predictions does ID make regarding the future?	AGAINST
4930	creation	"My other comment focused more on my atheist background, but I wanted to respond to your scientific misconceptions.Nobody thinks lightning struck goo and humans popped out. Saying such constitutes a straw man and betrays your unfamiliarity with evolutionary theory. Before bashing what you've heard evolutionists ""believe,"" you should check for yourself. There are several excellent books, some by Christians, that introduce the basic concepts behind the modern formulation of Darwin's theory (Darwin was wrong on most of the details) and explain why we accept them. I would personally suggest any of the books by Kenneth Miller.    %3Dstripbooks&field-keywords=kenneth+miller"	AGAINST
4931	creation	"""The smoking guns are well established.""Sure they are:    "	FAVOR
4932	creation	ALL human design (and resulting construction) starts with what exists: a designer and things (entities).  Human design is impossible without the designer understanding something about the existents he's designing with else he's not designing. At minimum he's juxtoposing entities at a certain time and place, in a certain orientation, which, itself is a form of design requiring human thought, a human able to act, and the ability to separate those entities from others by distinguishing their fixed attributes (order) from those of other existing entities.ID trys to switch the argument from design with existents---a common human activity, to a non-existing designer that designs and constructs something from nothing. The design argument is false because of this bait-and-switch as noted by other commenter.ID makes the common mistake of seeing what order and assuming that means it must have been designed. But, as I've shown, design requires order to prexist in the designer and the entities the designer designs with. Yes, new order is the result of the design, but that's how we distinguish what was designed or not. Not whether it has order, but whether it's possible for a human to have created it---designed and construct it.	AGAINST
4933	creation	Yes, I understand we didn't evolve from chimps from the position of   evolution   theory - and I'm sorry for saying it that way considering I truly don't want to encourage the misinformation and typical uninformed view. You never addressed any of the sea anemone info.. my point is - if we have a 'common ancestor' the more we look at the info.. the only common ancestor we could have is an amoeba - and we would have lost common ancestry at that point.  Why? Because of the cambrian explosion - which shows that at one moment (5 million years or so) nearly every phylum appeared.'Geologically speaking, 5 million years represents a mere 0.11 percent of EarthÃ•shistory. As Chinese paleontologist Jun-Yuan Chen has explained, Ã’compared with the 3-plus-billion-year history of life on earth, the period [of the explosion] can be likened to one minute in 24 hours of one day.''''Cambrian rocks display about half (or more) of the basic body plans or architectural designs of theanimal kingdom.''''Representatives of nineteen of the forty known animal phyla definitely make their first appearance in the fossil record during the Cambrian explosion. Three phyla appear in the Precambrian. Six animal phyla first appear in the fossil record after the Cambrian period, and twelve more are notrepresented in the fossil record.'' and my sidenote:  Keep in mind that the six phyla that appear 'after' the cambrian could always be moved earlier in the record if we find earlier examples... This is the failure of fossils. - for example.. if I find a cat skeleton in the earth... It only tells me that they existed in this form at that time... it doesn't tell me that they didn't exist in that form EARLIER in the record..  Though we have found that roughly half of the phyla and many subphyla first appeared in the cambrian - that doesn't rule out that all of the phyla could with further research be proven to appear in this 5 million year period.  A mere 6 phyla are currently shown to not...this concept is also stated in the paper as:'many paleontologists think that almost all of these additional eighteen phyla may well have originated during the Cambrian explosion. As Valentine, Jablonski, and Erwin argue, Ã’All livingphyla may have originated by the end of the [Cambrian] explosion.Ã“There are no transitional fossils leading up to these phylum -  a slightly exaggerated time line might appear like this:3 billion + years --) singe cell lifeforms / agae 530 million years ago --) possibly every other family of animal and plant.But this is only the original family... right? These creatures were possibly just very simple forms - so what's it matter?.... not at all.  Let's take the example of Haikouella lancelota According to Chen and his colleagues, Haikouella has many of the same features of the Yunnanozoon lividum, as well as several additional anatomical features including a Ã’heart, ventraland dorsal aorta, an anterior branchial arterial, gill filaments, a caudal projection, a neural cord with a relatively large brain, a head with possible lateral eyes, and a ventrally situated buccal cavity with short tentacles.Ã“Many of these phyla were in the same form as they are now seen.. in other words - they appear in the record.. with no transition up - and make no further adaptations.  Many like Haikouella are extinct.This does not support evolution.. it supports some form of scientifically unexplainable creation - it implies drastic immediate change that brings about every animal and plant family.. with no sign of transition - and then relatively low amounts of change afterward.  the only thing left that disagrees with creation is the time line - which I feel is questionable due to the methods of extrapolation since it is built on assumptions.	FAVOR
4934	creation	Yeah that's kinda true.. however I don't think it's as widely accepted as you think it is. Maybe with the scientific community, educated community, developed countries it's more popular.. but outside of that where the vast majority lies it's much less popular.I know there's a few.. maybe not a lot.. but a few people who are smart, religious, educated etc. but choose to deny evolution because they're strongly religious and say that because it doesn't agree with them.. they don't believe in it.	FAVOR
4935	creation	Why don't we   add   those in?And believe me, those commandments weren't invented at that time. There wasn't a free-for-all on   murder   or theft before Moses came down from the mountain. The Code of Hammurabi had those prohibitions.	AGAINST
4936	creation	Of course the Disco 'Tute is the discovery of nonsense.  No real scientist would waste even 30 seconds there.	AGAINST
4937	creation	Several scientists have already admitted that the account of Creation as described in Genesis has definite validity.  Imagine that!  Science and the Scriptures agreeing on something - that's because the same God who created our Universe also created   science   and mathematics.  That is also how I feel about this issue, and I would appreciate everyone's respect on my opinion.  But Sidneyc, I am all for the scientific reproduction of body parts like ears, noses, and limbs, not as a means of mass production, so to speak, but rather as a genuine procedure to restore quality of life to millions of survivors.  Think of the enormous benefits and psychological improvements to people whose faces have been disfigured,   workers   who have lost their fingers, feet, or other limbs in serious accidents, or   children   who were born blind or with some other birth defect.  Not all of what researchers are doing in this field for future generations is evil or bad: God gave them the knowledge and ability to pursue these goals and make them a reality.  I look forward to the day when science and   medicine   will finally be able to restore a person's sight or hearing without the help of permanently-embedded artificial devices.  To that I say, Hallelujah, Amen!	FAVOR
4938	creation	"Needless to say, even ID proponents have come to realize that ID is lacking scientifically speakingFor instance Young Earth Creationist, philosopher and ID proponent Paul Nelson is on the record as saying-- Easily the biggest challenge facing the ID community is to develop a full-fledged theory of biological design. We donÃ•t have such a theory right now, and thatÃ•s a problem. Without a theory, itÃ•s very hard to know where to direct your research focus. Right now, weÃ•ve got a bag of powerful intuitions, and a handful of notions such as Ã”irreducible complexityÃ• and Ã”specified complexityÃ•-but, as yet, no general theory of biological design.--Paul Nelson, Touchstone Magazine 7/8 (2004): pp 64 Ã 65.More recently, godfather of ID, lawyer Phil Johnson has stated--I also donÃ•t think that there is really a theory of intelligent design at the present time to propose as a comparable alternative to the Darwinian theory, which is, whatever errors it might contain, a fully worked out scheme. There is no intelligent design theory thatÃ•s comparable. Working out a positive theory is the job of the scientific people that we have affiliated with the movement. Some of them are quite convinced that itÃ•s doable, but thatÃ•s for them to proveÃ‰No product is ready for competition in the educational world.--Michelangelo DÃ•Agostino ""In the matter of Berkeley v. Berkeley"", Berkeley Science Review, issue 10, spring 2006Now remember that Johnson has described quite accurately the goal of ID-- Ã’Our strategy has been to change the subject a bit so that we can get the issue of intelligent design, which really means the reality of God, before the academic world and into the schools.Ã“--Source: American Family Radio, Jan 10, 2003 broadcast, in which Johnson Ã’discusses his book The Right Questions, encouraging Christians to actively debate issues of eternal value.Ã“Various other ID proponents have similarly come to this conclusion, not only arguing that the issue of ID is not really about science, since ID lacks much of any scientific foundation allowing it to be a scientific hypothesis, but also that it is all about religion.It's not the religious motivations which doom ID to irrelevance, it's the lack of scientific merit and content which makes ID at best a flawed religious argument, an argument which many Christians, including me, have come to reject.The ASA (American Scientific Affiliation) is an organization where scientists of Christian faith can share their faith and science and they have come to reject Intelligent Design because it is scientifically vacuous and theologically flawed."	AGAINST
4939	creation	" Evolution is correct. And any Christian trying to claim that it is not, invariably bases their arguments on a single book that cannot be verified.  />   /> And of course ""some"" scientists claim that Evolution is incorrect, but then again some people claim to be able to talk to the dead."	AGAINST
4940	creation	The only way that design could be detected in nature is if there were objects around that weren't designed. Otherwise,there wouldn't be any way of telling the difference. But Christianity and other theistic religions maintain that God created heaven and earth, in other words, everything. It follows that absolutely everything was designed and there is no way of singling out living things as more designed than anything else.Bzzzt! Thanks for playing. 	AGAINST
4941	creation	"I've studied a lot of Biology and to me evolution has indeed been proved.The way science uses the word ""theory"" is not the same as the way its used by the general public. The general public uses the word ""theory"" to describe an assumption, something that may or may not be true, something not proved. Science however, uses it in quite a different context. ""Theory"" for science is the explanation of how something works. Not an assumption of how it may work, but a thorough and well examined explanation of how it works. Nothing is given the status of a ""theory"" in science unless it has been tested over and over and over again and proved by other sciences and observation. Take gravity for example. There is the Law of Gravity, which says that things tend to fall downward. Then there is the Theory of Gravity, which explains what Gravity is, what causes it, and how it works. Its not an ""assumption"" of how it works. Its a proved explanation of it. I have come across many religious people that see evolution as a threat to what they believe. They say it contradicts the theory that God created man. But at no point has the theory of evolution ever claimed to know WHO created the building blocks or the why. In my opinion, there is a way to accept both. If you believe that God created man then evolution is the way by which he went about doing it. What's wrong with that?"	AGAINST
4942	creation	Ã’So what, using   intelligent design   , is the purpose of the appendix?Ã“ID simply predicted that the appendix would have a function.  The degree of specificity in our predictions concerning what an intelligence will or will not do is limited due to intelligent agents having freedom in their creation.  For example, we can predict that Tom CruiseÃ•s next movie will be an action flick, but we cannot predict the plot of the movie before he agrees to a part.Ã’Where does evolutionary theory say that it will be slow or gradual? Evolution has been observed to act very quickly, sometimes over the course of decades.Ã“It is true that evolution (  change   over time) has been observed to act quickly, but the theory of evolution has from day one predicted that this change has always occurred step-by-step.  The first time this prediction was made using the theory of evolution was in the Origin of Species.  However, the Cambrian Explosion demonstrated this prediction to be false even before random natural processes wrote the Origin of Species.Ã’Specified complexity? Can you qualify that further?Ã“Specified complexity describes any sort of pattern.  Some patterns are specific but not complex (eg., gtgtgtgtg).  Some patterns are complex but not specific (eg., ctaagtcg).  Some patterns are both specific and complex (eg., gattaca).Ã’Like the bacteria flagellum...Ã“Exactly.  Ken Miller has claimed to have tested a supposedly untestable claim, a claim that is supposedly religious and has nothing to do with   science  .Ã’You mean the Lenski long term evolution experiment?...Ã“The Lenski study did not show e. coli changing into a different species of bacteria via undirected processes.  The bacteria began as e. coli and ended as e. coli.  Even if e. coli did change into a different species, the study would not justify inferring that all life changes into new species via non-intelligent processes.Concerning the paper published in Science, the author claimed that ID is untestable immediately after claiming that it had been tested and refuted.  This contradiction was ignored by the reviewers and editors of the journal.  Ã’Can you show one recorded demonstration of intelligent design in action? One scientific study that would show the manipulation of a designer?Ã“I could remind you of many examples of homo sapiens intelligently altering organisms, but I cannot show you a non-homo sapien live and in-person designing anything.   Intelligent Design is inferred from the evidence, much like the intelligent design of pyramids is inferred from the evidence even though no one can actually show me Egyptians building them thousands of years ago.  Unobserved entities are allowed in science, such as dark matter/  energy  .	FAVOR
4943	creation	7: And the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul.8: And the LORD God planted a garden eastward in Eden; and there he put the man whom he had formed.9: And out of the ground made the LORD God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the midst of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.15: And the LORD God took the man, and put him into the garden of Eden to dress it and to keep it.16: And the LORD God commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat:17: But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.18: And the LORD God said, It is not good that the man should be alone; I will make him an help meet for him.19: And out of the ground the LORD God formed every beast of the field, and every fowl of the air; and brought them unto Adam to see what he would call them: and whatsoever Adam called every living creature, that was the name thereof.Clearly God made man, then planted Eden, then made animals. To take another interpretation would be to say the Bible listed things out of order.  	AGAINST
4944	creation	"""The actual ""limitations"" that creationists try to ""bring to light"" are nonsense. So your sentence is backwards of course.""Like what?""They are 7 out of 15 minority."" Okay, then just how would this make teach the controversy a   religious   idea at all?""But they trick some of the others into   voting   for what seems like a ""reasonable compromise"". But ""strengths and weaknesses"" was defeated by an 8 to 7 vote. Then other nonsense was introduced.""""So what would you call a ""reasonable compromise?""""No. They support putting the phrase ""strengths and weaknesses"" and other weasel words into the ninth grade biology   science   standards.""...Which is pretty much the exact same thing as critical analysis of evolution. BFD. ""But they know that ""weaknesses"" is a cover for introducing ridiculous   creationist   claims.""Such as?""But fundamentally, there is no valid ""critical analysis"" of evolution that could possibly be understood by ninth graders.""This seems like it could be....    ""Irrelevant. Creationist birds of a feather. So what?""You've lost me, please rephrase.""Completely illogical of course you idiot.""I hope you're aware, this cite does have a civility 101 set of rules, and if you plan on having the privilege of continuing this discussion then I suggest you follow them. ;D"	FAVOR
4945	creation	"""But we are not arguing that it is wrong.""Okay then, so what the heck was PvM talking about his entire visit on here anyways?""We are arguing that it is not right or wrong, it's ""not even wrong"".""How exactly is that possible? Oh, are you beating that non-existant horse of ""It's not science"" again?  ""There is no definition of ""  intelligent design  "" that would allow a scientist to determine if it's right or wrong.""So what's wrong with this one:""The theory of intelligent design holds that certain features of the universe and of living things are best explained by an intelligent cause, not an undirected process such as natural selection.""Sounds clear enough to me. ""There is only the ""I know it when I see it"" interpretation of the ""evidence"" of the ""natural world"". But if ""interpretations"" are personal and cannot be agreed upon, then it's not science.""Hey onein6billion, William Paley is dead. Try the modern theory of ID. ;) brb my good man. "	FAVOR
4946	creation	The history of the Bible, including it's compilation by the early church, is quite well known.  Books were chosen to be added and others were chosen to be left out (Enoch, Mary, and Thomas all spring to mind).  You can then look at it's history of translation, from Aramaic and Hebrew to Greek... then to Latin... then to the various European languages.To say it is divinely inspired is a reasonable stance to take (it is how I view the Bible), but to say that it is a word for word transcription seems quite unreasonable given it's history.	AGAINST
4947	creation	It is a fact that design can be determined in the absence of a designer.As a matter of fact reality dictates that the ONLY way to make ANY deyermination about the designer(s) or the specific process(es) used, IN THE ABSENCE OF DIRECT OBSERVATION OR DESIGNER INPUT, isto study the design in question.If we knew the designer then we wouldn't have a design inference as design would be a given. And then we certain;y wouldn't need science to aid us in that design inference.BTW you people continue to ignore the fact that natural processes cannot account for the origins of nature because natural processes only exist IN nature.	FAVOR
4948	creation	"""Fine. And that's why this ""theory"" is not   science  . Your ""intelligent cause"" is completely undefined.""Very well than. By the same logic the following theories have some explaining to do and thus are not qualified as science by your definition:1. Theories involving dark matter/  energy   (since they cannot explain what they each consist of)2. The Big-Bang theory (since they cannot explain what caused that first bang in the first place)3. Much of archeology (because they cannot always ""define"" who produced the artifact in question)4. SETI (because according to you, we would have to ""see"" the aliens in question to confirm that it actually was from an intelligent source)5. Any theory which involves explaining matter/energy interactions (since they cannot explain the very origin of that matter)...and the list goes on. ""Its powers, limitations, method, time frame, etc. are completely undefined.""They don't need to be. ""Are you going to make ""predictions"" (as to where Tiktaalik will be found)?""Perhaps, but we can most definitely predict limitations to what malaria can become resistant to and possibly wipe it out altogether by creating antibiotics which are beyond the reach of chance when it comes to mutant resistance. That by itself is a lot more benefit to   medicine   in a single project then what 150 years of Darwin's theory has given us. ""And, of course, the ""features"" you claim you are trying to explain can be easily explained by completely natural causes.""In that case I'm really interested as to how you believe abiogenesis was accomplished (without intelligent intervention). ""You are trying to prove a negative. You wish to prove that evolution cannot explain this. Fail.""Sure seems like the cell is designed to me....    ""So, who is going to decide on the ""best explanation""? A scientist? Or a theologian?""Generally it will be mostly scientists with a handful of philosophers here and there (just like with any other theory).""What criteria will be used? I know it when I see it?""Probably this one:    /id/1203""Some nonsense about ""irreducible complexity"" or ""specified information""? LOL.""Those do play a role, but it really depends on the feature in question. "	FAVOR
4949	creation	"As much as I might believe that there is some sort of creator and that a creation occurred, you cannot justifiably intermingle science and religion. ID is just ""creation science"" (which is not science at all) in disguise!Teach science, not religion, in the science classroom, and creationism/ID in church. Bottom line, end of story. "	AGAINST
4950	creation	"""The NCSE says that ""   intelligent design    is a religiously motivated attack on science"", but the NCSE does not claim that is WHY it should be REJECTED. Luskin just made that part up so that he could beat up on a straw man."" You must be joking, do you really think the idea (with no proof) that ID is a religiously motivated attack on science is not a claim used to reject ID??? Speaking of Straw man attacks......      ""Religious motives of ID proponents help keep non-science nonsense out of the public high school classroom. But ID is unscientific for entirely different reasons (as explored in the other articles on this site).""After a long and repetitive debate with PvM on the issue of religious motivations, I think there might be a ray of hope for you guys when it comes to the notion that ID is unscientific. Can you explain the rationale behind the notion that ID is not science?""Of course ID should be rejected because it's non-science nonsense.""How so? (see above)"	FAVOR
4951	creation	The process of evolution is fact. We have provably observed the processes that encompass this term, do not confuse this with theory of a common ancestor. Evolution simply explains the morphing from one genetic makeup to the next.The theory of a common ancestor, and the term theory doesn't imply uncertainty as quantum theory is yet to be disproved and the theory of gravitation obviously stands, seems right to me. There are plenty of fossil records to show this process and we've mapped enough genes to see the remnants of these transformations. Even if not 100%, it's a fairly clear pointer, wouldn't you think?	FAVOR
4952	creation	"""How are they standing in the way? Is research into ID banned?""Pretty much, especially if anyone who has publically known pro-ID views prior to getting tenure is bound to not get it. ""ID proponents are free to conduct as much research as they want,""If that were true then why (as an example) was Robert J. Marks asked to return grant   money   the moment he started a lab related to ID?""their proof has yet to reach the level or proof that Evolution has...""Can you give me an overview of that proof please? I keep hearing of it, but no one seems willing to describe it. ""and so it the theory of ID has yet to reach popular acceptance.""So all I have to do is show that ID explains the workings of many features of the natural world and they'll be free to do their research?""And doesn't ID have it's own host of holes?""Name some.""What predictions can be made using the theory of ID?""This gives a good overview:    And here's some specifics:                                            If you'd like, I can also go into failed predictions from the current paradigm. ""Can the designers next actions be determined?""We can detect them once they happen, which is all ID is claiming to be able to do in that respect.""A much more accurate description is that a series of chemical reactions took place in the oceans of the world that led to the   creation   of increasingly complex chemical structures."" Probably weren't biologically relevant though (unless agency intervened).""This led to the appearance of the very first forms of life... which were vastly simpler then even the most basic of cells.""Explain how you could have ""life"" that happens to be even simpler than the most basic of cells. "	FAVOR
4953	creation	The fact that the   evolution   lobby is trying to cite statements by UCC ministers to bolster support against ID shows just how out of touch they really are. ;D	FAVOR
4954	creation	"So, what is the difference in saying ""God IS Nothing"" and ""There is no God"" and ""God is nonexistent""? There is no difference, all of the above statements have the same meaning."	FAVOR
4955	creation	"Ã’I'm hardly the authority for all the great questions in life.. and these debates make me feel as if I'm submitted as being so.. or required to be so.... That doesn't mean I don't have an answer... it just means it might not be correct... I'm flawed like everyone.Ã“But they are the answers you have come to.  That makes the question of HOW you got to those valid in my book.  Ã’As I already said.. the Bible is not meant to be a   science   handbook... but it does profess to being correct in every detail.. since it is divinely inspired.Ã“Then it can be used to make accurate predictions of physical phenomena, because it is Ã”correct in every detailÃ•. Ã’Thus it can be useful as the tool to verify God exists. One aspect of that is the reason there is an 'old' and 'new' testament... the old testament largely consisted of future predictions - such as those in Isaiah - the new testament was verification that these predictions came to pass. These are discounted by people by claiming they were written after the fact.. though I think the dead sea scrolls show otherwise ÃÃ’How so?  The DSS have been dated to between 150 BCE and 70 CEÃ‰ however that is using dating methods that you have already declared to be inaccurate.  How do would you verify the age of the scrolls to ensure that they are really from that time and not written Ã”after the factÃ•.Also, what third party verifiable events were predicted in the Bible?Ã’and I believe the Bible's teachings were written even earlier than this - and passed in verbal form even further back.Ã“That may be, but how do you demonstrate that?  How did you, logically, come to that belief?Ã’Also in many regards you can find on the   internet   long lists of Bible statements which were not common scientific knowledge at the time.. As is with all things.. people attack many of them on many levels... One such statement in the Bible is that the world is described as a circle..this was completely unknown at the time ÃÃ’How so?  What is the verifiable age of that statement?  The circular nature of the Earth comes out quite easily when you start doing astronomyÃ‰ it can be seen using very primitive tools (two wells positioned at different latitudes can be used to run rough calculationsÃ‰ which both the Egyptians and the Greeks did).  An interpretation of Vedic texts (from what is now India) that date to around the same time can also be interpreted as to a spherical EarthÃ‰ in many ways it is clearer because it can be interpreted to indicate the sun moving around the Earth.""The [sun] never really sets or rises. In that they think of him Ã’He is setting,Ã“ having reached the end of the day, he inverts himself; thus he makes evening below, day above. Again in that they think of him Ã’He is rising in the morning,Ã“ having reached the end of the night he inverts himself; thus he makes day below, night above. He never sets; indeed he never sets.""	-Aitareya Brahmana vrs. 4.18Ã’'It is He who sits above the circle of the Earth,And its inhabitants are like grasshoppers'Ã“That is an observation that anyone who has stood on a high point can makeÃ‰ from a distance above you can see in a circle around you, and things do look smaller.  It is in no way contradictory to what anyone at that time could have understood, nor necessarily indicative of the Earth as a circle.The Earth is spherical after all, not a circle.  If the statement was translated as Ã”above the sphere of the EarthÃ• then a case could be made."	AGAINST
4956	creation	"PSYOP asks (rhetorically?): ""if the universe is expanding, what happens when that expansion ceases?"" First of all, the expansion of our universe is an observed fact.  No ""if"" about it.And why would cosmological expansion cease?  The same measurements which revealed the effects of some ""dark energy"" indicate that the expansion is accelerating.  If that is so then the question is mooted."	AGAINST
4957	creation	 Evolution is one of the most strongly supported theories in all of science. It is nowhere near a theory in crisis. Quantum Physics and DNA research do not harm evolution in the least. I honestly have no idea where youÃ¢Â€Â™re getting this information from. I suppose next weÃ¢Â€Â™re going to see a debate speaking about how the theory of gravity will soon be rejected as well.	AGAINST
4958	creation	Ã’... I'm talking about the EVOLUTION of the first immune system. You can't inherit what doesn't exist..Ã“True.However for multi cellular life to survive and reproduce it would have to have a way to keep other life from interfering in itÃ•s processes.   As such the only multi-cellular life that would endure would be those that had mutations protecting them from other life forms.  That would be the beginning of the immune system.	AGAINST
4959	creation	If Intelligent Design says nothing about the supposed Designer, then of what value is it? If the Designer created life millions or billions of years ago, what was His purpose in doing so? What is/was the Designer like? Did the Designer give specific instructions to his creations, as most religions teach? The ID promoters delibrately leave such questions unanswered in their official pronouncements about ID. Why?That's assuming that the objection above is to be taken at face value. I do not and think the Discovery Institute is just bull$#itting us. They avoid the questions about the Designer because of the church/state separation issue. That's just a cop-out. Science does not end with an inference of design, ever. If it did, Darwin himself would have not bothered to come up with his natural selection theory. You either go on to determine the nature of the Designer or you conclude that your preception of design was flawed because you cannot do the former.Intelligent Design is not only scientifically meaningless, it is theologically worthless as well. If I were still a Christian, I'd scorn those hypocrites at the Discovery Institute just as much as I do now as an agnostic.	AGAINST
4960	creation	"From Mr. Luskin's argument:""Design theorists *hypothesize* that if a natural object was designed, it will contain high levels of CSI. Scientists then perform experimental tests upon natural objects to determine if they contain complex and specified information.... When experimental work uncovers irreducible complexity in biology, they *conclude* that such structures were designed."" (*emphasis* added)So ID first hypothesizes that CSI implies design, and then concludes that the CSI in biology implies design.  But this is nothing but a restatement of the hypothesis!  What ID forgets to do is to confirm their hypothesis, and somehow empirically support the claim that CSI necessarily implies conscious planning.  ID never even tries to do this.  Instead, ID attempts to make an induction from a single data point, arguing that since human beings can build complex machines and humans are conscious, then everything which can build complex machines must be conscious.  But one data point is not sufficient to induce the characteristics of all possible ""intelligent agents"", and so there is no justification for suggesting the cause of biological complexity (whatever it might have been) was a conscious entity.  One could, by the exact same reasoning, argue that everything which can build complex machines must have large, complex, biological brains.  But this would mean ID can't account for the *origin* of biological complexity after all.So ID does not use the scientific method to infer anything at all.  It merely assumes that all CSI must come from conscious minds because we humans can create it too, which is a perfectly unscientific argument."	AGAINST
4961	creation	 And the reason why there are so many species that aren't on this planet any longer.	AGAINST
4962	creation	ID is offered as an explanation for the complexity of life on Earth, which, according to ID proponents, cannot be explained by random chance and survival of the fittest.  But ID suffers a fatal flaw.  If we have to hypothesize an intelligent designer to explain life, then we need to hypothesize another intelligent designer to explain that intelligent designer, which also could not have come about from random chance.  We then need to explain the second intelligent designer with a third, and so on ad infinitum.  There are only two ways to end this infinite regression. First we could accept that intelligence and complex life CAN come about by random chance, and that the first intelligent designer in this regression did exactly that.  But if we do this, then why not just accept that WE came about by random chance and avoid the need for any regression?  Second, we could hypothesize a supernatural god that did not need to be designed by a previous intelligent designer (maybe god is a self-designing designer?).  But if we do this, then ID clearly becomes a religious argument, something ID proponents in this debate have denied. At this point no one can explain how life/intelligence formed on this planet.  But human ignorance does not constitute evidence for an even more complex and inexplicable intelligence.  Just because we can't explain something doesn't mean it can not be explained.  Sid	AGAINST
4963	creation	Wow.  Why not stick to arguing against the Christian belief, instead of attacking Christians themselves???	FAVOR
4964	creation	"Satan is sure behind all of these things. That's what the guy cares about.If you guys in the ID world want to come out and admit ""Yes, this is   religion  "", it would save us all a lot of time.Abortion = Murder. Sure, I suppose we could call it that. And antibiotics are genocidal.Pro - Choice = Right to   murder  . Fine. And Pro-Life = Destruction of a rights-based   society  .Intelligent Design = God. Okay. Evolution = ...Evolution. That one's not a euphemism.Gay = Homosexual. Fine. Stop using the word straight, then. Heterosexuals aren't necessarily ""straight"" by any stretch of the imagination. "	AGAINST
4965	creation	"""According to its advocates, the ""designer"" responsible for ""intelligent design"" in biology could be any sort of ""creative intelligence"" capable of engineering the basic elements of life. Some have even seriously nominated advanced space aliens for the role.""Now let's see, 100 billion galaxies ... but nah, mankind is the only intelligent being in existence. ""[a] premise seems to be that as long as [we] don't explicitly name the ""designer""--as long as [we] allow that the ""designer"" could be a naturally existing being, a being accessible to scientific study--that this somehow saves [a] viewpoint from the charge of being inherently religious in character.""Absolutely.  There are two basic reasons to postulate anything.  (1) A desire for it to be true (agenda), or (2) it fits the evidence (objectivism).  Regarding a designer or creator, there is a third motivation for another position.  (3) A desire for total independence, and/or the belief that one has logic that eclipses traditional beliefs.  Atheism is more of a position of arrogance than one of objectivism.ID postulates on evidence, not a religious position.  Arguing that it is a tactic or a guise, simply because it may be in some cases, fails objectivism.  It is more of a deterministic stance, i.e. arrogance. ""One does not explain complexity by dreaming up a new complexity as its cause.""Sorry to go against William Occam's easily falsifiable viewpoint, but complexity is the more the norm than the exception.  And not by happenstance, but by design."	FAVOR
4966	creation	 Well maybe there are some mistakes in the theory but as a whole concept is quite right and logical, no?	AGAINST
4967	creation	"""consider reading Chance or Purpose""At any rate ""chance"" is an obviously derogatory word to try to bias the argument against   evolution   and ""purpose"" is obviously meant to imply that some ""intelligence"" is involved.  But unless/until there is some way to establish that some intelligence is actually involved, ""purpose"" is not scientific.From a review of that book:""Cardinal Schonborn is clear that a literal interpretation of the Bible is not science""So it would seem that he (like most Catholics) would reject an interpretation of six literal days.From another review:""It reads as a series of transcriptions from the Cardinal's catechism lecturesAll around, the book is a great disappointment, leading one to conclude that the Cardinal is as flyweight an author of books, as he was an OpEd writer in the NYT."""	AGAINST
4968	creation	I am not disputing God and I hardly think the difference between a day and a billion years or so is splitting hairs. This is a valid discussion between two creationist groups. My question would be what scientific evidence is there that the world could have been created in six days?	AGAINST
4969	creation	Well yeh.. but I would say it's kind of like denial. Like when alcoholics say they're not alcoholics...	FAVOR
4970	creation	And worse, during the Dover trials, the judge came to conclude that based on the evidence presented---Judge Jones---We will now consider the purportedly Ã’positive argumentÃ“ for design encompassed in the phrase used numerous times by Professors Behe and Minnich throughout their expert testimony, which is the Ã’purposeful arrangement of parts.Ã“ Professor Behe summarized the argument as follows: We infer design when we see parts that appear to be arranged for a purpose. The strength of the inference is quantitative; the more parts that are arranged, the more intricately they interact, the stronger is our confidence in design. The appearance of design in aspects of biology is overwhelming. Since nothing other than an intelligent cause has been demonstrated to be able to yield such a strong appearance of design, Darwinian claims notwithstanding, the conclusion that the design seen in life is real design is rationally justified. (18:90-91, 18:109-10 (Behe); 37:50 (Minnich)). As previously indicated, this argument is merely a restatement of the Reverend William PaleyÃ•s argument applied at the cell level. Minnich, Behe, and Paley reach the same conclusion, that complex organisms must have been designed using the same reasoning, except that Professors Behe and Minnich refuse to identify the designer, whereas Paley inferred from the presence of design that it was God. (1:6- 7 (Miller); 38:44, 57 (Minnich)). Expert testimony revealed that this inductive argument is not scientific and as admitted by Professor Behe, can never be ruled out. (2:40 (Miller); 22:101 (Behe); 3:99 (Miller)).Indeed, the assertion that design of biological systems can be inferred from the Ã’purposeful arrangement of partsÃ“ is based upon an analogy to human design. Because we are able to recognize design of artifacts and objects, according to Professor Behe, that same reasoning can be employed to determine biological design. (18:116-17, 23:50 (Behe)). Professor Behe testified that the strength of the analogy depends upon the degree of similarity entailed in the two propositions; however, if this is the test, ID completely fails. Unlike biological systems, human artifacts do not live and reproduce over time. They are non-replicable, they do not undergo genetic recombination, and they are not driven by natural selection. (1:131-33 (Miller); 23:57-59 (Behe)). For human artifacts, we know the designerÃ•s identity, human, and the mechanism of design, as we have experience based upon empirical evidence that humans can make such things, as well as many other attributes including the designerÃ•s abilities, needs, and desires. (D-251 at 176; 1:131-33 (Miller); 23:63 (Behe); 5:55- 58 (Pennock)). With ID, proponents assert that they refuse to propose hypotheses on the designerÃ•s identity, do not propose a mechanism, and the designer, he/she/it/they, has never been seen. In that vein, defense expert Professor Minnich agreed that in the case of human artifacts and objects, we know the identity and capacities of the human designer, but we do not know any of those attributes for the designer of biological life. (38:44-47 (Minnich)). In addition, Professor Behe agreed that for the design of human artifacts, we know the designer and its attributes and we have a baseline for human design that does not exist for design of biological systems. (23:61-73 (Behe)). Professor BeheÃ•s only response to these seemingly insurmountable points of disanalogy was that the inference still works in science fiction movies. (23:73 (Behe)).It is readily apparent to the Court that the only attribute of design that biological systems appear to share with human artifacts is their complex appearance, i.e. if it looks complex or designed, it must have been designed. (23:73 (Behe)). This inference to design based upon the appearance of a Ã’purposeful arrangement of partsÃ“ is a completely subjective proposition, determined in the eye of each beholder and his/her viewpoint concerning the complexity of a system. Although both Professors Behe and Minnich assert that there is a quantitative aspect to the inference, on cross-examination they admitted that there is no quantitative criteria for determining the degree of complexity or number of parts that bespeak design, rather than a natural process. (23:50 (Behe); 38:59 (Minnich)). As Plaintiffs aptly submit to the Court, throughout the entire trial only one piece of evidence generated by Defendants addressed the strength of the ID inference: the argument is less plausible to those for whom GodÃ•s existence is in question, and is much less plausible for those who deny GodÃ•s existence. (P- 718 at 705).---	AGAINST
4971	creation	I am an experimental scientist. The notion of   intelligent design   directly impacts my areas of study. However, unlike scientific theories, ID does not make any predictions that I can attempt to test. There are no working hypotheses that might enrich my thinking on the subject. No specific information that can help me predict the interaction energies of the molecules I study. I can either believe it, or not - either way nothing much changes. Evolution raises questions and makes many predictions, some of them I can test and others are longer term, which I hope to see tested during my life. If ID offered me anything I could actually evaluate experimentally, just hinted at some new interesting avenue of research, I would be immediately interested.Scientists tend to pragmatic about big ideas - does it help me explore what I am most interested in? ID is useless to me as a scientist, so I don't bother with it in the lab. To be honest, Cosmology isn't much help to me either, but I can see that they are clearly making hypotheses and working to disprove them. They might uncover something more that I can use - I am certainly grateful for quantum mechanics.ID is an interesting subject for late-night discussions after a party - like philosophy, comparative religion, politics, and sports history. All good stuff! Not science.	AGAINST
4972	creation	"To start with with, I think the Wikipedia page:    has a good summary of the stories. Nobody, you can say you believe in the literal words, but you didn't answer the question of which words. I didn't use science or philosophy - just the plain Biblical language. In one version, man is created last. In the other, man is created far earlier - and the rest of Eden is created for him. Both put man in a primary position, but they have different orders. So if you can please resolve the difference for me without ill-mannered yelling and accusations, I would appreciate it. And if you could spell properly, that would be good also. Faith is not inconsistent with learning. As for the argument that somehow God's measurements are different form our own, why would God do that? If you follow that argument, then you need not believe ANYTHING in the Bible since it could be that God meant something beyond our understanding. If God speaks to us, then he must use the words we can understand or we cannot be expected to heed them.However, if there is one consistent thing in faith, it is that everybody who has experienced God puts it beyond words or human comprehension. When Isiah cried 'Holy, Holy, Holy', perhaps a better translation would be 'Other. Other, Other'. He was using holy as the opposite of profane - the day to day versus the beyond human understanding. To accept this though is to accept that the Bible is a human - not divine - creation. But again, if you are to believe the Bible literally, another question is, which Bible? I have two in my house, and the modern translation is different. At the start of John, the King James speaks of the darkness not being able to comprehend the light while the other says it cannot overcome the light. Those are very different to my mind. One is conflict, the other is a separation. As I try to divine God's will, which should I use as a starting point?Of course both use the English 'word'. That is a translation from the Greek 'logos', a word for which there is no true English equivalent. Once again, Wikipedia has as good a summary as any:    Without some scholarship, no cursory reading of the passage can convey all the meanings it would have had for the author. But then much of John is different from the other gospels. Each was written for a different audience and emphasizes different aspects of Jesus. John's timeline for the events in Christ's death is factually inconsistent with the other synoptic gospels. But more important is the tenor of John. Written after the fall of the Temple, I believe John's main purpose was to establish Christianity as the legitimate successor to the only other Jewish branch to escape the 'cult of the temple' - the Pharisees. The scorn and derision heaped upon the Jews, particularly the Pharisees, seems more appropriate for discrediting a foe than loving an enemy. I am always willing to learn more. But please spare me the yelling, the putting words in my mouth, the anger that is totally inappropriate to discussing the divine. There is a Buddhist quote, ""My teaching is like a finger pointing to the moon. Do not mistake the finger for the moon."".  Too many Christians have mistaken the Bible (the finger) for the moon (the will of God). Irenaeus taught that all that was needed was faith. The laity to have faith in the deacons, the deacons to have faith in the bishops. At the same time, he declared the gnostics - who believed in finding their own truth - heretics. The Bible does have Truth in it. But I believe it is the truth of art, of emotion, and of the human condition. Fact and history as we accept them didn't even exist when the Bible was written. For a very interesting commentary on the Hebrew Bible (Old Testament to us Christians), you might go to:      The course looks at the Hebrew Bible from the standpoint of what it meant to those who wrote it. It provides context and depth. And it does cover some of the creation story in addition. "	AGAINST
4973	creation	"""the universe is under no obligation to conform to anyoneÃ•s definition of science.""Well, this forum is being conducted in English and I have a dictionary.  So if you think the dictionary definition of ""science"" is not appropriate for this universe, I think you must be living is some other universe.  Obviously supernatural miracles occur in your universe all the time and that's why you don't think ""science"" should be restricted to mere Ã’methodological naturalism.Ã“  Well you just go and take your ""intelligent design"" and figure out the meaning and purpose behind all those miracles and come back with a good review paper next year.  I'm waiting.....""But if the universe can provide evidence against design,...""If the designer is supernatural and science is restricted to the natural, then there could never be any scientific evidence against the supernatural designer.  Therefore your premise is false.  But in the absence of scientific evidence for a designer, the presumption is that no such designer is necessary.""As long as a theory can be put in empirical harmÃ•s way""But for ""intelligent design"" ""theory"" (whatever that is), this premise is false.  So there is no such theory.""What if there is evidence of design""Sorry, your personal opinion seems to be irrelevant in this discussion.""WeÃ•re talking about the publicly available evidence of nature,""Nope.  You are talking about your opinion of what you see in nature.  Same old same old, ""I know design when I see it and I see design in nature.""  But that's just not good enough."	AGAINST
4974	creation	Joe, I do...--That's false. Thank you for demonstrating your dishonesty. BTW you don't have an explanation.--In fact, it is true. Let me show you: How does ID explain the bacterial flagella.As to UCD and mutations, the best explanation is that variations, selection as well as drift can indeed explain the observed data. After all, the mutation rates needed to explain the differences between species are well within the range of observed mutation rates.I understand though why you want to move the discussion from ID, which explains nothing, to UcD and mechanisms. Show us either how ID explains UcD or how mutation rates need to be too high for UcD.Surprise us with some real science.	AGAINST
4975	creation	"---These two moves -ruling out regularity, and then ruling out chance -- constitute the design inference. The conception of design that emerges from the design inference is therefore __eliminative__, asserting of an event what it is not, not what it is. To attribute an event to design is to say that regularity and chance hav been ruled out....To be sure, design renders agency plausible. But as the negation of regularity and chance, design is a mode of explanation logically preliminary to agency.---p.19 The Design Inference--Because the design inference is eliminative, ther is no ""design hypothesis"" against which the relevant chance hypotheses compete, and which must then be compared within a Bayesian confirmation scheme.--p.62 The Design InferenceIn ""No Free Lunch"" Dembski attempts to show that the design inference, which is purely eliminative is not an argument from ignorance, as I have shown, his position is flawed. Others have done so as well, including Fitelson and Sober, Ryan Nichols, Pete Dunkelberg, Mark Perahk, Wesley Elsberry and John Wilkins.--Section 2.10 is of especial interest because it addresses the legitimacy of inferring design via an eliminative argument (the concern being that design inferences are arguments from ignorance--as we shall see, they are not).---p. 73 No Free LunchThe argument is one of induction, with all its problems namely that according to Dembski all instances in which we identified specified complexity and we know the causal history, intelligence was involved as well. In fact, Dembski claims that ""choice is the defining feature of intelligence and that specified complexity is how in fact we identify choice"".That final phrase dooms Intelligent Design since natural processes of natural selection also have 'choice' and thus such processes fall well within the realm of processes known to be able to generate specified complexity.--If the argument were purely eliminative, one might be justified in saying that the move from specified complexity to a designing intelligence is an argument from ignorance (i.1., not X therefore Y). --p. 111 No free  LunchBut the argument IS purely eliminative followed by an inductive argument which cannot exclude natural selection as a designer.Need more?"	AGAINST
4976	creation	"""Why would consideration of the Ã’designerÃ“ necessarily introduce Ã’religious discussions about theological questionsÃ“? Clearly, it is because his concept of the Ã’designerÃ“ is a supernatural oneÃ‘which was exactly what I was arguing.""If discussion and consideration on the source or identity of the designing force are NOT a part of ID then how would that argument hold?"	FAVOR
4977	creation	"""Which do you believe? They are after all both based on books written by men.""I know that one is the basis of some silly religions and the other is firmly backed by actual science."	AGAINST
4978	creation	--May as well get to work on it. It's the only evolution your going to discover in this century. --Ah the expected promissory note.Thanks but no thanks, I have read about the 'eonic effect' and found it lacking in scientific relevance.Compare this with the immense progress made by evolutionary science even in the last decade.	AGAINST
4979	creation	The only assuption we make in science is that the nature of the universe is consistant and rational. The current estimate of the age of the universe is totally in accord with this minimal assuption.True, the universe could be insane. This is one of the questions posed by Rene Descartes in his 1644 work, Principles of Philosophy (Principia philosophiae). I find that Descartes was congruent with the Bible that the universe is indeed coherent.	AGAINST
4980	creation	 If we weren't continually evolving, most of us  wouldn't be offended by the way the rest are degenerating.   /> When there are people going around beating up the elderly or murdering each other for the price of a six pack, and being rewarded instead of punished, there is no place to go than up.  /> But that might be what has to happen in order for mankind to achieve the next level of understanding.	AGAINST
4981	creation	"that Luskin accuses the NCSE of rewriting history and law when both clearly established the evolution of creationists via cdesign proponentsists to ""design proponents"". The link between the ignorance of its predecessors is continued in ID via the work of such 'luminaries' as Jonathan Wells who repeats much of the same flawed arguments against evolutionary theory.Judge Jones was not fooled by the attempts to explain, after the fact, the obvious transition which coincided (design inference) with the Edwards ruling which ruled creationism to be unconstitutional. In an obvious attempt to shed any reference to God, delegating Him to an irrelevant role, ID has attempted to circumvent the rulings of law. And it has not worked, because ID is based on the same flawed arguments that doomed creationism (sudden appearance is still an essential component) and the argument is that ID cannot distinguish between the natural and the supernatural. However, real science can deal quite well with the natural but when it comes to the supernatural, design inferences have historically been unreliable.Look at the recent findings related to the bacterial flagellum which have totally undermined Behe's argument for design. Has Behe admitted that his inference for design was flawed? Has he admitted the impact of such falsification on ID? Of course not. It's best not to inform ID supporters of these inconvenient facts of science.If ID were all in favor of teaching the controversy, it seems reluctant to explain the controversy.As to twisting the law, Luskin's attempts to dismiss Judge Jones's ruling are self evident even though Luskin, who is a lawyer himself, should know better. Hearing Casey use the term revisionism in his own posting is just the pinnacle of irony.Never mind though, Luskin has managed to give away the playbook for the next season and I am sure the NCSE is looking forward to the next encounter. So far, they have quite a winning streak in supporting science."	AGAINST
4982	creation	 You shouldn't just blindly repeat things you hear. There is actually far more evidence, and from many different fields, for the Theory of Evolution than there are for the Theories of Gravity, Relativity, or quantum mechanics. Yet all of these are far more accepted than evolution... People are strange.	AGAINST
4983	creation	--I think Behe has made the case for obviousdesign within the cell and I don't think you will findanyone who could put it any more clear.--Actually, Behe did not offer a case for intelligent design in his argument, posted on this website.  (Let me make PERFECTLY clear, this is all I am discussing.)  He simply offered his conclusion; because cellular machinery is complex, it is designed.  He offers no evidence, no data, and no sembelence of a coherent argument.--The evidence is everywhere its just a matter of where you want to put your faith. --Science != faith.  Faith !=scienceThe evidence is NOT everywhere.  The DATA is everywhere.  Evidence is data that is used to support your hypothesis, which makes predictions of future experimental results, or data that will be discovered at a later date.Behe offers no DATA to support his hypothesis; which make no predictions.  ID does not meet the criteria to be a theory, it barely meets the criteria to be an unfinished hypothesis.	AGAINST
4984	creation	Is good science a 'liberal' theme? If you love true science, you must be a liberalYou are in good company but remember that good science, including evolutionary science knows no boundaries, Christians, republicans, democrats and independents all accept the facts of science, of course given the historical link between evangelicals and republicans we do observe a stronger lack of understanding of science amongst some who also happen to be republicans but do not confuse cause and effect here.	AGAINST
4985	creation	"""I assert that they have been heard and their arguments have been refuted and thus they are legitimately ignored until they come up with some actual scientific evidence and arguments.""At least Luskin actually provide something to back up his ""asserts."" ""Well, it has not happened in the last 20 years - why should there be the slightest chance that this non-scientific nonsense will ""encourage"" ""new avenues"" of scientific research in the future?""Actually..............                  ....so therefore there is pretty good reason to assume that it will. ""And, if this is the actual goal of ""   intelligent design   "", why is there such an emphasis on trying to get this nonsense introduced into the public high school classroom?""Ummm, I'm pretty sure if the goal of ID is to encourage new avenues of research (which you say is the goal of ID), then it definitely has it's place in the classroom. ""This number seems to be in error by a factor of a trillion or so. What fool wants credit for this sentence? :-)""Where in the article you're commenting on does it use that value?""So what? 3 billion years of evolution is a loooong time.""Yeah, though the debate is whether it's long enough. ""The universe that we can see so far is quite simple.""Yes, in a sense. Though no one can argue the laws have no structure. ""It's only the evolved life forms on this Earth that appear to be complex.""Not to mention the earth which sustains them.""It is amazing that evolving DNA with only 4 components can produce such a complexity of life, but it obviously has, so there's no need to claim that this is ""stunning"".""If it didn't happen by unguided forces, then yes it is.       ""And even if it was ""stunning"", that is a meaningless adjective with respect to the discussion of the nonsense that is ""intelligent design"".""What ""nonsense?"""	FAVOR
4986	creation	"The first point stressed in my college biology class was in fact that we as scientists cannot ascribe purpose to chemical and biological functions. One can only observe and describe the complex functions that occur in biology. I have heard theologists describe the human as a perfect being that could only be the result of an intelligent designer. The human body is far from perfect especially with regard to his physiology. The human lung is relatively inefficient and the lungs of birds are far superior in associating Oxygen with blood cells. When ID attempts to account for observable biological complexity it falls back on a designer, but if beings are the result of   intelligent design   what created the designer? Evolution attempts to explain the origin of life and the process through which current species came to manifest themselves. ID excludes the designer from the explanation for life on earth. This implies that the designer be other worldly or supernatural/martian. ID doesn't offer new evidence it merely relies on the gaps in current evolutionary knowledge. Even worse is the fact that ID and so called ""Creation Science"" have their roots in the idiotic notion that evolution contradicts the second law of Thermodynamics. "	AGAINST
4987	creation	"Behe asserts:""Design is recognized in the purposeful arrangement of parts""Who decides if an ""arrangement of parts"" is ""purposeful""?  What does ""purposeful"" really mean in that statement?  Do the parts have ""purpose""?  Does the ""arrangement"" have purpose?  Did the designer have ""purpose""?  If I take an old wristwatch and remove all the springs and gears and arrange them in a circle, is the circle designed?  If I throw them in a heap, are all of the parts of the watch no longer designed?  If I pick up some metal shavings off of the floor from under the lathe in the machine shop and arrange them into a complicated mathematical pattern that I generated using a computer program, can you tell if this is a ""purposeful design"" or just a ""random design""?Is a virus designed?  A prion?  A fragment of RNA? A benzene molecule?  How can you tell?Waving your hands and saying ""I know design when I see it"" and ""all life was obviously designed"" just won't cut it.  Your religious motives in assuming your religious designer are too obvious to allow your judgment to go unquestioned.Behe further asserts:""and the cell exhibits the most profound purposeful arrangement of parts in the universe"".There you go again, using that word ""purposeful"".  Well, it's really good ""public relations"" to appeal to religious people with such an assertion.  But scientists are unimpressed.  Maybe cells and prions and lifeforms have a ""purpose"" - to grow and reproduce and evolve - but unless you can show that there is really a ""need"" for a designer, there is no reason to assume that there was one.  So your task remains impossible - ""prove"" that evolution cannot have produced ""this"" over the last 3 billion years.  Go back 3 billion years and prove that a ""cell"" did not evolve from something simpler?  Or wave your hands and say ""I don't believe it could have happened""?"	AGAINST
4988	creation	"Peter Irons' article is only one part of the Montana Law Reviews take on this.  The other side was submitted by David DeWolf, Casey Luskin and John West and can be read here:         .If you want a thorough analysis of the Dover v. Kitzmiller ruling you should read ""Traipsing Into Evolution"" -- www.traipsingintoevolution.  Like modern evolutionary theory there is more than just one side to the debate. "	FAVOR
4989	creation	"--Robert CrowtherLike modern evolutionary theory there is more than just one side to the debate. --Any suggestions to what debates you may be referring?As to DeWolf et al, where they not the ones who also wrote a publication that argued that it was constitutional to teach ID? One of the main causes of the Dover disaster in my opinion?After all if ID has a valid secular purpose, then no matter what the motivations of the board may have been, such a purpose would have overruled any concerns.Ah, yes the by now infamous        --Local school boards and state education officials are frequently pressured to avoid teaching the controversy regarding biological origins. Indeed, many groups, such as the National Academy of Sciences, go so far as to deny the existence of any genuine scientific controversy about the issue.160 Nevertheless, teachers should be reassured that they have the right to expose their students to the problems as well as the appeal of Darwinian theory. Moreover, as the previous discussion demonstrates, school boards have the authority to permit, and even encourage, teaching about design theory as an alternative to Darwinian evolution-and this includes the use of textbooks such as Of Pandas and People that present evidence for the theory of intelligent design.--Ironic isn't it ""Of Pandas and People"", of all books. Was that not the book which was at the center of stage in Dover?"	AGAINST
4990	creation	"""instead of a 'bolt of lightning hitting a pool of   chemicals   and making a cell pop out'""Where did I say that???""it was most likely a slow process taking place along the ancient shores."" Or convection currents, or towards the earth's core, or.... shoot, seems like anything is tried these days. I for one would like to know how such hypothesis could be falsified.""The surf stirring the chemicals providing the   energy   that fueled the early RNA / DNA reactions... over time these reactions became more complex, leading to proto-cellular structures.""I think even the most uneducated person in this debate can look up the following:    From the above link:""In 1997, Eigen and Oehlenschlager showed that the Spiegelman monster eventually becomes even shorter, containing only 48 or 54 nucleotides, which are simply the binding sites for the reproducing enzyme RNA replicase[2].""Doesn't sound hopeful to me, especially when the most ideal   conditions   require some ""help:""    And since you cannot synthesis all the necessary chemicals in the same place or get a replicating cycle started:  www.arn.org/docs/odesign/od171/rnaworld171.htm    www.arn.org/docs/odesign/od171/ribo171.htm  Looks like you have some explaining to do, especially when the most causally adequate explanation to date is intelligent intervention."	FAVOR
